My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
Everyone has his own plans .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
Do you know mountain biking ?
You 're wrong .
Follow reading to know why!.
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
scary .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
I just have had traveled two times .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
There was too hot .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
That 's why I like it .
This sport are for real men .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amen?bar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
The dishes are n't very expensive .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
But now not .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
I want to be fit and have a good health .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
People will look at your figure enviously .
My bedroom is quite big .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at S?o Carlos , in the countryside of S?o Paulo , from Brazil .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of S?o Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
I had never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
My dear Daniel .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
With all my love
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
Milton Morales
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
Best wishes .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Dear sir / madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
I think public transport is very important .
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
a plane may take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I like a many food and drink .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
About Me
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adopted from south Korea .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
I have two parents like the most people .
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
This is a power of the information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It is very great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
They have no facilities than other countries .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
What was mny job ?
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
I hope I will do that again once .
See you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about work there .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Luc?a .
I have a great time with them .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
Hello , how are you ?
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I play with them on the playground .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
In the today society .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
It 's normal
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
It also helps us in studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
They must maintain roads .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our body strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
The result is much less work and a better life .
Dear Jo
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
Uriel
Nowadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
After the class Alison joined her friends .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
My view of eating habits .
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
Thank in advice for your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
That was the best place I had ever been .
we went to New York for four days .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
Adam and John was very angry .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
Ta
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
Tom is sutding in London .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
The lion king is my favourite film .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
He plays for Chelsea .
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
that 's first fact .
that have limitation also there .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
These are my friends hobbies .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
Is a language that many people speak and known .
Many people start learning English at school .
Later , the people continue in language schools .
Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Hi , everyone .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then , it comes to the printing step .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
I believe both are useful .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
To conclude we can establish a middle point .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
It will be more appropriate for us .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
It will better if they have public transport .
Dear Kuba !
Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
way to move around .
It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
And the we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
I am studying in Yung Feng high school .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .
All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .
My goal is an admission of National University .
Best regards ,
My ultimate aim is to continue my study .
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
.
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
We have still many problems to solve in our city .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
Hi .
Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
I have to do jogging a few years ago .
I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
The public pool is near my house .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
See you .
At this moment he had woke up .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
As he thought as he done .
The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
Jerry said that he would be privileged .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
Everyone is circious about making bank notes .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
In C?diz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
C?diz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
on the other hand , in C?diz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
I hope I helped you .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
Thank you
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
I the town you can do everything fun .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
I really want that you be happy with your new life .
Anna
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you can maybe read aloud .
In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
About my town in the future .
It will be very different .
For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
The live there will be harmful for everybody !
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .
They listen to you , discuss our problems .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .
Talking about the world cup a little .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
What do you think ?
But I think different .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
Because it 's very comfortable .
Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
The name of the team was Katsa .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
I was very happy and of course i agreed .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .
It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
This is my wonderful day .
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
I like my family and my friends .
I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
My sister is older than me two years .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
Hello Stefan !
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,
all here is great .
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
Love ,
We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .
Many people who go to their work late .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .
Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .
Hence this will help people to be in a good health .
In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .
Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
i used to play it with my frindes .
when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
I am looking for an organizational development course .
I am looking forward confirmation .
My favourite sport :
And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
The door of the room is closed .
Number 's room was 666 .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
She was sitting on the chair .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
Micheal did not know what think .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
For me , the sport is very important .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
I did n't have time free .
How are eating ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
One day will be like him .
We meet soon man .
Fran .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Am?lie and Ariana .
At first we went to our hotel .
It is near to the Hyde Park .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
It is really very very big .
It is a very big city .
London is a very exciting city .
Speaking about reading .
Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
People can afford cars easily .
Buses are very crowded .
Buses take a very long route .
It takes you very long time to get to your destination .
Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .
Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
Besides , attempting open mind .
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .
My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .
My favourite memories must be every summer on F?r? .
To : Tourist Office
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
Fashion
My favorite sport is football .
It 's the most popular sport all over the world .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
Boys like following channel on youtube .
They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
We need a vehicle to reach our work place .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is located next to the Old Town .
It was built in twelfth century .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
Now on the castle is a museum .
It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
My favorite way is Train .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
My favourite sport is boxing .
I like fight , because I like to hit someone .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
Then I started to go with my friends .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
Dear Bob .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
Also , I have very Friends .
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
And also I love children .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
I hope you get interested In my application .
Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
I had to say that feeling was really awesome .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
what is it the best ?
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .
Cars are very easy to use .
We should be careful when we drive .
We should be careful from careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
they are looking for new experiences .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
The surgery was successful .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
The past already happened , we can not change it .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
As far as I am concerned .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
There will be a future for public transport .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
what do you think about that ?
I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .
I want to give you a few words .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
It is not difficult to do the thing .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
Why should I took at this job ?
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .
Hello .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
cell phone
I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .
Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .
It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
do you have best friend in your life ?
what the meaning of friend ?
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .
However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
I am concerned about pollution .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How are you ! !
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
PD : we have to meet
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
It was great to hear from you .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
So , you can do both .
I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .
Lots of love
To my mind this mind not right .
First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
The public transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
There includes some most important steps .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
My cough is very friendly and help me
The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
Jenny Wang
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I talk about everything .
Hello Lara .
My hobbies are footbal and gym .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
Washing you enjoy it .
There are several big plazas in the center in the town .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .
There 's a bank in each plaza .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
You might have a walk around after supper .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Dear friend ,
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomi?o , in Spain .
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
No . I 'm single .
A pretty girl like you is still single .
Stop it . I am single for a while .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
Do you like studying Laws ?
I hope your news soon .
Jose
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Three words that I can describe myself with is :
1 .
2 . kind
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisi?n son .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
ADVANTAGES
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Dear USA Summer camp
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
Think that can do a fantastic job .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
Mar?a del Mar
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .
The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
I started to play football when I had four years .
I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
How is going ?
Thank you for your letter !
What 's a big surprise , you are married .
I 'm very pleased to your invite .
Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?
I look forward to hear from you .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
I prefer to travel by train .
I have two reasons why I think so .
First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
What did you do yestreday ?
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
We start little by little to help it .
First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
" You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Its very interesting sport .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
Its very simple and wonderful sport .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
I love India so much .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
Will you help me ?
Regards ,
As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
we won , t have schools .
we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
Every person will have a plane .
We will have a robot servant .
we will live happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
As long as you can go with me just let me know .
your friend Amy
My favourite sport is running .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Do not forget to write soon
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .
However , it is more difficult to educate .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
Mistake ! !
How could I do this mistake ! !
These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
Hello , how are you ?
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
good bye
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I know to cook delicious meals .
I felt very happy with this job .
I like do activities with them also I feed them .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
You can think ' why this ? '
It 's very simply .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
Added to what I know , make it attractive .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
The History .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
But family never let you go or family never go away from you !
However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
So will follow problems of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
There going to following some problems .
Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
So we need a new system .
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
my favourite sport is squash .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .
I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
It was the most important step during the whole processing .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
Business in My Home Country
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .
For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
I did n't want to chat with them first .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
The driver set me to a place where he know .
I 'm Patricia Ag?ero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
Best wishes
Patricia
It is very true .
The public transport can connect people .
You can meet every kind of people .
The public transport is cheaper than the car .
hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
Online Lerning
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
Today 's television is really good .
It shows you movies , news and the new products .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
But it also shows the new products .
Advertisement is important for the economy .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
Every day they show the news .
I think they show it four times a day .
The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
The exception is in a match of double .
Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
John
Thank you very much for your last letter .
This is very cool experience for me .
All this started on Juli .
Everybody was friendly to me .
I did not know what going on .
My clients was very impolite .
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
But my good men tell me one important sentence .
He comforted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
Your friend Pogan
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
They could live with this fact .
People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
They seemed happy to share their life .
Never nobody heard any discussion .
Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
They met with the layer .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
He was the best student in her class .
The boy had a mother .
Mia that was her name .
And Michael said every time that he never will do that .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
It is so much more convenient .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
I thinked these things .
Hi Peter !
I 'm happy for you !
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you I wait to spend the money .
Let me know what you decide .
See you soon .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
Sometimes I got rid of my stress .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
Look at you .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
We have to live our life .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .
Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Her parties are always the best .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
Aisha is in his therties .
I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
I have one favourite soap opera .
This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .
And I like see how they look like .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
I would like to be like she .
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
She did a lot for me , my life
.
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
Craiova
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
Town center
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
Pluses
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
Conclusions
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many questions .
What do we do ?
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
Introducion :
The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
How does the town treats the environment :
Eco friendly :
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
It gives me many a positive energy and fun .
I am not a professional player .
I play just for yourself
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
We have to be very patient .
If you practise you will achieve skills .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
i swim 2 times per a week
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
Car continues to attract people .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
Everyone is afraid of something .
Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we visited many cities .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .
People had drived car to go a work .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
The train do n't have poluition .
This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
So we must reduce by car on street .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
Moreover you travel with the other people .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
It is n't good .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , you feel better .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
Thank you for your care .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
There is good pay also .
It is good and people are nice .
Hi ,
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
So I got a lot troubles :
1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
Maybe in the future will be worse .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
It 's saves time .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
public transport
underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
own car or van .
Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .
In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
It was a huge surprise for me !
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
I have never got anything like this .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Regards ,
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
I have a black skin , black hair .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .
Becsuse there is turening red !
Dear Jo ,
Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?
Just think about it and give me a call .
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .
We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
But we were too interested .
my favourite sport is football .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
Hi freddy ,
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least the service is remarkable .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
1 , ?lamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dear John :
Best wishes .
Your friend
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
That is eight - episodes film .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
Hi Lara ,
I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising , I 'm an account .
I hope see you soon .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .
I am a big fan of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
Hello dears ,
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
I look forward your answer soon
Faithfully
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
It the most important step .
Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
Other reason for my opini?n is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisi?n ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .
Dear all
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Armando Mart?nez
I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I do n't mind eating every day there !
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
keeping your exciting and joining the event .
you will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .
Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
I am feeling very proud about that .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .
The teacher use lesson time effectively .
Spend less time to pass .
Classroom management is good .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
this city is located in the north of Extremadura .
In C?ceres take care of the environment .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
I try to be football player in there .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
One night , as usual , I slept .
In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
While I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .
There are two reasons .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
We are going on a vacation Next week .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
And how is your family doing ?
I hope you are all doing well .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
English - I find it greating !
It 's my passion .
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
it 's so difficult .
Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
You may not realize when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win ? 100 .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
May be , in small part
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .
Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
Dear Sir ,
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
we sit around together and talk about where they live .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .
We laughed and eating together .
it was a wonderful experience with me
I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .
It was raining and it was dark .
We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
The people were screaming .
It was a scary situation .
We were shocked !
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
I am interested in this major so much .
Could you help me please ?
Lian Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I have only lived on one place in my life .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
Dear Linda ,
See you later .
Thank you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
It is the most European city of Spain .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
In general the city looks clean .
The cleaning services work well .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
There are plants everywhere .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Hope all is well with you .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
thanks in advise .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
Hello ,
My name is Alejandro Mart?n , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .
Best of wishes .
Alejandro
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .
Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
I do n't actually know .
three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .
i do n't have a favorite book .
Simpsons or family guy .
my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .
when i learned to wind'surf .
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Everyone use public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
Long time no see .
We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
So what time will you finish session ?
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .
I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .
Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .
Almost every family have more than one car .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
In the present world television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Goraya .
I am 30 .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
I am prepared to look after children .
I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
Dear Federico ,
In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
she was her old friend Tia .
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .
The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
There was one old granny who was beat up .
but nobody was opening doors .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
design .
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
She had just wanted to hide from this world .
Her name was Lora .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .
He loved her for her flame .
He wanted to own all she had .
From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .
But it was very short emotion .
Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
But Michael was n't worried .
She asked him to go .
She was killed by his coldness .
He went out .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
Hi !
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Television has many advantages .
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
Another thing you do not have is the ball control .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
How to make true mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .
A new way of transport mut be included .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
How are you ?
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
These are white with black and blue lines .
My mother gave me for my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you soon .
You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
And i went to open the door .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
I thought that was only seen in film .
The real world would not like that .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .
At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .
However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
my favourite sport is badminton .
purpose score most points .
I think I am good player .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Twenty years ago I started playing football .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
I have played at a lot of teams .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
Then I have been operated twice .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I have to improve my writing .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
I like running and I run three days a week .
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
This is the book Owl
Moon .
I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
Physically I am blonde ,
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,
Web Programming with my friend .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
Hi , Jenny
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
See you
Franco .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .
This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .
Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
both opinion have their merits .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Jenny and you are a great couple .
Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Was she at the school with us ?
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
Best wishes
hello , good morning
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continually increased .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Dear Chris ,
Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.
Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .
Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
Love ,
Kriszti
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is the only way for me .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
1250
0100
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
Summer holiday ,
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
Internet is the best means of communication .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
Andreia
In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
In north of the city people sell all types of food .
Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this new place .
The town is called white city .
Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
I hope you can come soon .
Jorge
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
A mind that lost it .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .
On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
from the best to the worst .
Who brink up ?
Who care about us ?
Who try to make us happy ?
Of course no .
So we need to stand together .
For me television has advantages and disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
For example we can become addicted to our television .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castell?n .
Laura , Adriana and me ( Mar?a ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
All company are the same , any solve your problems .
After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .
Since that moment all have been problems .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
I feel happy when I play it .
In this game you must play with team .
My first match of handball was in 5 class .
I rememmber , because then We won .
Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
Then the engineers say a forecast .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this caf? has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obedi?ncia " that the author is Brazilian .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
The moral is about the students do n't be na?ve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard you will come to my country .
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
Love !
XYX
I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Therefore public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for your money .
Dear Peter ,
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
People wear special dress .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
The food is varied .
I hope that 's useful .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .
By David .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family ? were with me .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
I liked my work there so much .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
Sincerely ,
I like playing games and read .
I 'm from Brazil .
This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I used all of the things except two .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
Whereas .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
It was really by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
I think you will like it just as me .
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .
But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
in her apartment while Michel was working .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The fastest option to go on holidays
By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
That can be annoyand .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If you are not very hungry .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of M?laga .
If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
this is good , because sales mever went down .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
pain and gain
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
My day in London
I went to London in April .
We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
After 3 days we went home .
Old and young are benefit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I play it with my companions .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
my parents always support me to play what like and
enjoy .
I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .
Usually I only play basketball in school .
We play by teams or each one alone .
Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
yes becouse yes
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
This premonition can not hold more true .
Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .
As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
other frinds coll poles .
Polles came with big investigation .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Yours sincerely
One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
The atmosphere is very friendly .
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
This restaurant should be the best for our class .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .
Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
I do n't know what i can tell .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
It has a lot of faculty members .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
Michael loves to play football all the time .
The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
I liked the most in a wax museum .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
Hello John
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .
We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I like it very much .
Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about two men and one woman .
There he meets a girl .
They are together .
This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
Dear Jo
when you can , you call me .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to see you
toni
Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
People of all classes can use this .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
They feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
I come back home on the sunset .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
write soon ,
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .
One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
That is how to boil an egg .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
Collecting book is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby when I was a chid .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
I 've been start jogging for five years .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
My mother make me start .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
Hello Oskar !
Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
I am sure you have a fun time .
Greetings ,
Bob
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
His name was Michael .
He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that was born for that sport .
I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
See you soon .
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Providing that we care the environment .
It 's really important .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
my father is a business man .
he works in real state investment .
my mother is a teacher .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
the younger brother is 25 years old .
he is a dentist .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
This assertive is totally false .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
Dear friend ,
In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
I do n't like the public transport of school .
Today I felt bad in the public transport .
It was solwly .
I prefer travel in the car .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
Hello to every body ! !
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
An electric car is less harmful for the environment .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
This is danbi from ueecx13
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .
Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
And they have act to protect it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to solve the case .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I was focal to them .
However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
And the paintings were on the museum again .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
The situation suddenly changed .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
hello ,
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
if i have the job write soon
victoria
Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .
I need this course for my new job .
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with this .
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .
the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
the cost is accessible .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
This is a combined story of horror and comedy .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
Hi Patty ,
I am 14 eayrs old .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .
I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .
He is 16 .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6? together and in that moment we bacame friends .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
I play basketball in the school .
I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
It provides energy for our bodies .
When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
Like retailer ,
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
Also for our wire rack , plastic
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .
London is a good example and Barcelona too .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
I love it so much .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
My day in London !
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
we wnet to the Trocadero .
But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
We had very , very good weather .
It was fantastic .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .
After we came back I told my family everything .
Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
My favorite sport is football .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
This is a story from a country where there were no cats .
She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
Dear Ms Cumings ,
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
Time is precious .
World change by time .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
Dear Amanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
Next month , I going to go to our town .
You be able to go ?
Will is fantastic !
Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .
I love so much , my dear friend .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
I woke up very early .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
It was crazy .
The cat LOZAH
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
He bought a cat .
It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
It is a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is female cat .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .
It plays with children very well .
It runs behind the ants and flies .
It hates the water .
I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .
I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
cla '
I grew up in a parent family .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
How my town takes care of the environment
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km? ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Public transport are busy now a days .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
They learn and understand very good English .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
I live alone , so I cook always my food .
Sincerely
Selena L?pez
Anyone has their favorite sports .
volleyball .
And , either do I. I also like sports .
One of them which I like most is badminton .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
Two years ago when I was still in school .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
From the time I started going to karate .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
I was very worrying and nervous .
The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .
I was very happy because it was my first competition .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe are cookies .
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Yours sincerely
Technologies are moving on in high speed .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
I recommend you to use public transport .
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
There are many good reasons to say that .
I feel my family in a different way from my friends .
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
My bedroom is light and modern .
The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
Technology has good thing and bad things .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .
That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
It is all very religious .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
I am an Arsernal fc fan .
Football is an important sport that unite nations .
It bring unity among country .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
and court contains one net in between those players .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
It 's december .
But in my city there is no snow ..
And it 's sooo bad .
On the streets there is a little warm .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
he saw some street performer by the street .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
No future for public transport ?
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
We are living in rush world .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
We do it for hygiene !
Run Forest Run !
It is the most simple form of activity .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
That what was happened with me personally .
It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
My bedroom
There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
There is a big window with curtains .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
Hi , Isabel .
I have some to tell .
I have been living in New York city ! !
I used to live in Canc?n but for my job I had changes mi city .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
But this thinks of l ? lo ? love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
-Hey , do n't run Snow
They stop in a dressmaker market .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
- What kind of information ?
Who is him ?
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell you later .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
- Do you want to use one ?
-Yes but for what ?
My favourite sport is running .
I run everyday .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
Would you like me to help you ?
You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !
In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
But you need , understand the main idea .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
Dear Carlos Sotelo ,
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mrs Gate
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .
Hope to hear from you soon
Anna
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
My Life in University
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Studying new lessons from society .
Jogging the sport in the nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
It is never too late to start .
Have fun !
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
It was murdered four vampires .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
When he arrives she tells him the event .
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .
Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
The car is very easy
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
Michael face was awfully red .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
It looked like afraid and nervous .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
Nodody opened .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
I was really surprised .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .
I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
This programmes are fashionable .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
Everyone wear that he wants .
Fatima
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
This was very scared !
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
This was worked and we could backed to drove .
We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
3 . Farmer markets .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
That is the reason why its price is so low .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .
I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
To whom it may concern ,
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .
I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Margarita Varela
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
One day cricket is played often .
Its popularity spreads all over world too .
There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?
If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
Have you ever used Chopsticks ?
It may difficult for you .
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
Also .
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
Well .
Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
And they said it 's a really good for your health .
I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
Hi ,
I like it very much , it is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
Thank you for that advice .
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
Your friend ,
Peter Hansen
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .
Why not do it now ?
Hello Joe
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
Thais
The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
At last , it is not expensive at all .
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
I am Monta?a Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
I read this news , now .
I am interested in the work .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
You should shout it from the rooftops !
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
How is the area to take care of the environment ?
It build a lot of facilities for residents .
And it face another question : morality .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .
Second facility is public bus .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
And when the weekend is coming .
Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .
It makes farther or mother more convenient !
Third , lots of green area .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .
Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This movie is called " About Time " .
When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
He could n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
He tried to go out with her .
So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
Finally , he married Marry .
I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
If you want you can visit it .
Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
I live in Serdobsk .
The garbage cans are about each home .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .
WiFi , port USB , among other things .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .
In my last week went to Florida with my family .
Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
Dear James !
It was really enjoyable and funny .
I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Now a day , more and more people have their own car .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
It is not only convenient but also time saving .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
Dear sir ,
I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
I am available to start to work inmeditely .
Rafa
I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
Dear Kennedy
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Andr?s Fern?ndez
I Live in Egypt .
It has a lot of historical places .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
In future , The cars will fly and be faster .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
I am so glad to write this letter for you .
I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Bill
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .
The frog got well while I was at home for two months .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
So he contacted the police for help immediately .
At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
The kitchen looks like small and simple .
The living room shares area with dining room .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
Today I was at the university to learn new things .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .
I have 6 people in my house .
I grow up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
Also , it 's good for fit and health .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
THANKS
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
I look forward to hearing from you soon
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .
As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
they prefer to be comfortable .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
He participates in many interesting movies and operas .
Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Life is unpredictable and unforseen .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
Fdi can play important role in it .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Hello John !
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
Bye Serena
Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .
I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
That is why I was very surprised .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses this road .
May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .
Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
In this season I kike to see the sun shine .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
Than we set for Dhaka .
We talked about a lot of things .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
It 's convenient already .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
But at the region where I live I had not found .
Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
I did not think two times .
I went there and sang .
I discovered a new world .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
If it was not true , the life would be so better .
The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties
Hi ,
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
Thanking you
How are you ?
What are you doing ?
Bye I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
basketball .
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
find only a ball and a hoop and play it .
than the practice makes the rest .
if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
so let 's play basketball .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .
I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .
It 's great time for me .
He made me happy and safe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I had an affair love .
What I should do ?
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
Maybe they will change
Pompei - the destroyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
It is n't incredible ?
Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
There is an unique athmosphere !
In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
So , it is better to use public transport .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
My parents are very support .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
My parents are the good guides .
There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
My mammy told the story in night .
Mom make the special foods in festivals .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
What the fine weather today !
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
People look happier .
Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
It became a big problem now .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
What is my favorite sport ?
Well , I 've played martial arts .
They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
She opened her eyes .
She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
Well , actually it did n't happen .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .
But it is not true .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
- experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
- feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
Some experience so easily and often .
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
Hi ! My name is C?tia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
I hope to come you here .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
Peter was very worried .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
Have a good journey " .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
Dear Jo
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
I will help you as much I can .
Hope you can have a good time .
Paulina
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
He had forggoten to go to his English classes .
It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Teach about a debates .
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
Hot spot helps to get more security .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .
The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
An Important deal , is never quit .
Debates is a combat
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
With a little delay , but Peter did it !
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
I am an introvert too .
I have many problem with my speaking skill .
second .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
because I love used this word .
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
But they go fast .
Cars are red .
Choo choo pdajd
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
Dear Friend
hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best Wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
Hi mum and dad
The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .
Love from your son :) .
In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .
But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .
Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
Also , I known great friends who play basketball .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..
Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
You ask how ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
Every music express other feelings .
Electronic was born .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
Therefore travel by car is ready by now .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shops in the town
Shopping facilities
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Conclusion
To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
Last is the key step , inspection .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
There were a lot of programs on television .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
Subject : Our green town
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
Conclusion
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
We should use another bucket for this task .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
I was manager at retail store .
Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
I decided to go back to school .
My grammar and spellings are week .
I am struggling in school .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
When do you want to come ?
Mireia
When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
But we will break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
For all rules have exceptions .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
My city is Ja?n it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
The French army before came back to France destroyed it .
I prepare class every day .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .
For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
Let 's go !
My life now
In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
It was a really challenge for me to live alone .
Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
With the time we are more friends .
I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
I hope that you are funny like me .
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
hoping for your answer
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
It helps me healthy .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
My favourite sport is basketball .
You need to play it on team .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
I enojoy this because I like it .
I love this sport .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .
It does n't difficult and you can start to play .
All the people can do this sport .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
Yours faithfully
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
John Alder
In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
We use communication every time .
However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
My name is Anton .
I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .
I used to have training twice a week .
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
Now I 'm a business analyst .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
I like swimming a lot .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
Cars will be safer and speeder than now .
Traveling by car will be the best suitable
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
There are a lot of food all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
It was awesome .
There is no word to explain .
Venice is city that is based on water .
There are no car , no metro in Venice .
On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
It brings many fashionable people .
This country has a lot of history .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
It was an excellent night .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
As like this in all my heart .
I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
are you busy now ?
OMG , I can stop imagine until now .
the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .
Why are so many cool man in this world .
This is movie is based on racial humor .
A white man racially profiles a black man .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .
Dear Sir ,
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Do n't forget the cust .
If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
Where are you from ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
They spent time together and were very happy .
He is proud , it 's not a good way .
The people should walk more than before .
That makes them healthy .
the young people feel happy more .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
It is against author 's assertion .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
finally public transport system is not safe as always .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
To who ever it goes ,
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
I am expecting your answer .
Their new house near the beach is very nice .
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
We hope to see you soon !
Best wishes !
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
Swimming develop all types of muscles .
You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
To whom may it concern :
I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
Sincerely yours .
Mario Monteagudo
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really like this sport .
I was 7 years old when I played first time .
Our team won this match .
We were happy with this .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
To begin , all is very difficult here .
First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .
You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
If you have problems , you can call me ! !
There are two pionts to approve it .
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
So , why not television can not educate us ?
These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .
To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .
At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
The home of the future .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .
Progress of the technique is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .
One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
My hoby
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
The public transport in the near future
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
You have only choose what is the best for you .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
I also have confronting problem skill .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
However we should be balance from the both types .
she wasted it she can not get it back .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
On time , penictual
I 'm a worker person and I like children .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
My experience of this job y longer .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .
This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
This writing will explain these different stept .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .
I 'm writing top you with great news .
They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .
Possible we will in a space or underground .
In the future everything can change .
It can be with the flowers .
Urban flood is one of them .
Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .
I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
You have asked about a server in your cafe .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
I do n't do sport now ,
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
I think I would have the same perpelxity .
However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .
Regards
Mikolaj
Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .
First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .
When study hard at the high school you will be
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .
Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
Hi Michael ,
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last night in this hotel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
Sheila Gim?nez
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
The first reason is no other than generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child best .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
the factor that we talk about is sport .
the sport is very important for the health .
the sport increase our physical performance .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
homever the football is so competitive .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
And it is going to be for all the eternity .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
" The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
I drive a Z?ndapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
hello
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
thank you
Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
Public transport is here to stay .
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graub?nden .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
But every time , I get trubbel .
I do n't want to study but there is no way out .
I have to .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
What would you like to buy ?
We have a commercial center very nice .
If you want you can buy a lot of things there .
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
3 .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
I do not have experience working in the kitchen .
However , I know to cook every kind of food .
I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
The city contain about thirty public parks .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
Our city have a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
He is young and handsome .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
He is orderly and Clean man .
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
My family is my best friend to me .
I have father , mother and three sisters .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
hello Pierre ,
You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .
Maria
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
animals to safely reproduce .
our next generations .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
our next generations .
Humans prefer luxurious life .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valen?a , a small city in the north of Portugal .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .
In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Deer headteacher ,
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
from
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
How was your trip ?
Write to me about what were you doing there .
Best wishes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
I lived in a residence for two years .
After , I was living in a flat .
She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
I like toulouse very much .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
Hello Alison .
How are you doing ? .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .
Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .
Best wishes .
There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
There 's nothing like eating !
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
it was strange for Michael .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
This girl is an acquantance him .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(??)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
I hope to see you soon .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .
For this reason I spend most of my time there
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .
When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
Hi Jo ,
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
Our national foods are very delicious .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
It is all our plan .
Hope to hear from you soon !
All the best .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
You can change your plans and choose another direction .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
I did n't have a car .
Every day I used to taking public transport .
I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
It 's a very good method to travel in the city .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
It 's used to public transport .
but it 's only my personal opinion .
Your address :
Date : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
save the world from waste and pollution .
In addition investigation can bring within company in
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .
Also , It has a spacious kitchen .
However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
Practice can make perfect .
And never give up .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .
My opinion ofselfemployment
My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
thank you very much
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
Our lawns also are the problem .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
In fact , I agree .
Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
My best friend had always been like a sister to me .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
It was in school , when we were three years old only !
Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
I am so glad to receive your message .
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .
He constructed the hospital system in my country .
Best regard , and look forward to your reply .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
it was 4 am and she had none answer .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
I think that this sport is very happy .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
I like new challenges to be better with myself .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaqu?n Guti?rrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
In the past , I did some exercises .
I have run upstairs so many times .
They 're healthy activities .
I went also , to the mountains with my family .
But in summer I went by car .
Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
Do you hear about Islam
What are your sources media or what ?
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
Because , war destroys mankind and countries .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
I do n't ever forget that day !
To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
He closed his eyes .
Eventually he saw the Kabaa .
As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
They was doing rites of pilgrimage .
He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
his new book was all about Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .
We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
+ Local shops :
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morning firstonce .
My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Sche?litz ,
I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
It is a pity .
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
They are called below :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
chahrshanbeh soori :
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
Norouz :
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
Dear Company ,
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .
Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
Lecce .
Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
foreign people .
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 'm very glad to read you again ,
Ettore .
Ettore
I think the car is more convenient for public transport .
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .
Hope that the next year will be better .
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
This is such a chronic problem in all my country .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .
building our house we make the most important place for us .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
Me and my family .
I love my family , we argue hardly ever !
I do lots of activities with them ..
The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sof? ..
With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
My last argue with my family was yesterday
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
I will write about my village .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .
I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
The car could be broken .
For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .
Best regards .
I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
I want yours helps .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .
When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
I want to talk about my favourite sport game .
Have you ever heard about hockey ?
We are the best team of all .
I am waiting for a final of this game .
I want to give advice for children .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
Hello !
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can speak English very well .
I enjoy fun with childrens .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
Please contact with me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
what you think ?
My favorite sport is swimming .
I had gotten first prize in a match .
Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
Third , swim can get more friend .
You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
You can try this sport from now on .
Running
Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
I am less having a cold .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
Now I have more energy and health to become happier .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
Cause of this was hurt my leg .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .
I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
I look forward for new challenges and tasks .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
I expect a positive response .
Dear Peter ,
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
If you come let me know do you like meat ?
see you soon
Katy
We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .
Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at club .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting sport
Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
Everything 's ok .
What a pity , that you haven't been there .
If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
My Favourite Sport - Football .
Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
Dear Jo
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
your friend
Nick
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
After the run we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
I am a University student .
I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
I would define it an action movie .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
I look forward to hearing from you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
In fact .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
Dear Sir or Madame
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
Sincerely ,
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
I feel happy after every game .
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
You have to be competitiv !
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
Envide your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
- I 'm just late riser person .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Just follow the day regimen .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
I will send you list of them .
- Ok .
And what about your breakfast ?
Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
2 . -
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
- ok ?
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages of television .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of M?laga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
Best regards ,
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a caf? for a snack .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
Best regards
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
lessons to their computers by their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem relates to safety .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
Best wishes ,
Emma
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mut? " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
very best wishes ,
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
That 's the main reason I love it .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
And the skiing .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
But I can manage it .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolom? , Los M?rtires and La Soledad .
Come to visit !
2? ADE - TURISMO
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
However these news can be false .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
Karate is not just a sport .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
If you want to try it .
Just like playing a game .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
Cars are being used even when not necessary .
Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
Hi Jo ,
Italy is well regarded about its education .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Let me explain it .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
Try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
Hi !
InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
Best wishes
Julianete
I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for your last letter .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
I want to know if it is available a grant .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
I like watching movies a lot .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
You can choose what you want to watch .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is traitors ' action .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
China has not take any further action .
And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to know facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
I took physics class .
In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
I would say you are talking about my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
A lot of them .
And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
We decided to go talking with him .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
The dinner was amazing .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
You would like to become a basketball player too ?
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
In order to do n't waste energy .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
How do they know .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
That was an unfair death .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
Congratulations !
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
Paco
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Cz?stochowa .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lw?w Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Cz?stochowa will always be a polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Cz?stochowa .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
what I usually do in my free time .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
Kisses .
Sara
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
Dear Jeanny ,
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
technological development .
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
learning can also take place outside the University campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
While on holidays from the University .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on the time off from the University .
I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
See you soon ?
Best regards
BEA
He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
1 .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
Hope you are doing well .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
You must take the number 748 .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
I suggest having a coat .
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
It is an individual but also team activity .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I have changed three times around pools .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
It refreshed me .
At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
Hi Sara ,
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
Thanks a lot
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Findings
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
It 's a suffering for every man .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
But I fortunately did it .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
We took some pohotos and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
But this is Michael .
- " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
But not angry like you and me .
Yeah .
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like that .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
That was all .
He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
Screaming , yelling ? do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
You begin with a
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
City development is already under construction .
Dear John
I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
Thank you very much for you help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Technology will be our best friends .
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just for saving time ?
What about the relationship ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We want to move away the last factory from the river .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
There I learned how to work with young children .
In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
Dear Director ;
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to G?nova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
Best wishes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
I went to bed and sleep .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shoot all down .
I screamed my lungs out .
She told me not to watch horror movie again .
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to discover one culture .
Which is cooked in different ways .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
It 's more common eat pizza .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
I really like the school and it is going good so far .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
That 's the easy part .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
You have to put a time to do your tasks .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a little bit of history of it .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
People can not have everything and live like they want .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucat?n ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucat?n .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
It even helps reducing your belly !
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
Do they like it or not .
After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
Hey Jo !
Good to know from you .
There is a lot of things to visit here .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
RECOMMENDATONS
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
I have not moved since that .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
We have went to Champ?ry a couple of times .
In Champ?ry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges H?bert .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
However , changes always has a negative side .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tom?? Ba?a .
Name of the factory is Ba?a .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
Tom?? Ba?a had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's not all ...
When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
Do we really need fashion ?
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
I was not expect any letter .
That letter has changed my whole life .
General public are using the public transportation more than before .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
The best I 've ever been to .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
And I believed her .
And since then it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing things with you .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
I have just received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
What can it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Yours ,
Ann .
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
Have a good travel !
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
Public activity is one of the most important thing .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
The television is one of the most important media .
Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
I can speak English good but not fluently .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
irf
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
Dear Sir :
This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Lorena .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Recommendations for tourists
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
Dear Sir ,
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
How is it to be famous ?
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
It is a big pressure .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
My dad 's name Bj?rn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
Being there is like having your own family .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Good Morning :
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing from you early .
Yours faithfully
How about going out with me and my friends ?
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Best wishes ,
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
That was the most important fact about me .
I live in Camden .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
how things are going ?
I hope you 're fine !
After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
It would be amazing !
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
I study filology .
You may ask why is that .
I 'll tell you .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My country was attacked by Russia .
Teach us how to love .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
Is everything ok with your family ?
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her assap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
Jos? Lu?s .
My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
His charity 's saved many lives .
In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Your faithfully ,
Thao
I hope this email finds you well !
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
Kind Regards ,
Jon
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Yours sincerely ,
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
On the background you can see the river Amur .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
We are living in different places now .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
The year off should be taken after university studies
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
Dear friends !
Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Caf? " .
I strongly recommend this caf? if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
Them jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
In addiction tickets were too expensive .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
Yours faitfully
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
I study English for two reasons .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
dear sir ,
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
Now I need it again .
There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Finally , it is environmentally .
Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
I am looking forward to hear from you .
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
title : The kimono .
Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
There are two main characters .
Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
However , other people think in the opposite direction .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ? Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
and He held me strongely .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me .
We are finally together .
It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in C?ceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
Wtite soon
Regards .
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
I had a similar experience .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
yours sincerely ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
The messages are very important which effect me .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain ?
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
That 's the point of Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of C?ceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's easy , beautiful language .
applicants from Russia .
Looking forward to hearing from you
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Hi !
my name is Filip J?nsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea J?nsson , she 's 16 years old .
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
After a week we went home .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I have played tennis since I was four years old .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
It is the football .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
XYZ
Hit and run
This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
All this was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For example car sharing could increase in the city .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
Because of him I am what I am .
My best friend is called Christoph .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
People seems to be distract from their real life .
The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
Whereas often we see bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure and fun .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Introduction
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
Most of the people know a lot about him .
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
Computers and Information Faculty
Letter of Recommendation
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Phone Number : + 200123456789
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Have you ever tried it ?
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need practise .
You just try to do your best .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
For example the paper or the wheel .
Personally I prefer different movies .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
Luiz In?cio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
Thank you so much
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
I like playing tennis .
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And media appear on the scene .
And all the time follow famous people and their families .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
So I think Public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The air pollution make the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
We can go hiking and climbing .
I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
He can come with us in our trip .
I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
what 's up ?
It was fantastic !
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
I am a good cook .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
Yours faithfully ,
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
It was like breathing in a forest .
Really Happy .
The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
Why are they even exist ?
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
She is only a human being ! "
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
' Excuse me ? '
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
She was starstrucked .
She knows him .
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted . '
This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
She just challenged him .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I knew everything .
Michael got frozen . '
I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
Have you ever heard about it ?
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
However , public transport is not threatened by car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
There were two bodies in that place .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
I think I would be the right person for such job .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
Believe you will never regret choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Salib
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
Introduction
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
Clothes at short price
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
They have to find another work .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
They send their curriculum .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
Please , tell me when you make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Enric E.
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zl?n in Le?n? .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
But the main reason is , that Zl?n zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Love ,
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Dear Jeff ;
Hi , How are you ?
I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
What is your favourite programme ?
Love ,
House no 26
Lal colony
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
I think You are understanding my situation .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engstr?m .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recycling
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourists visits C?ceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
Almost , C?ceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
They are not a good representation of their ideals .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Far?as and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Juan Far?as
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
XYZ
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calder?n are young still .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think you do n't follow the American news .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
Thank you so much !
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
Hello .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
A big city with more than one million people .
I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
There are though a problem with jobs .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
Also as I said before we need more jobs .
After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
Dear Sir / Madam
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
Yours faithfully
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
My name is Chlo? Dub? and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Why ?
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
No future for public transport ?
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
I 'm looking for ? language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( how much ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
yours faithfully ,
The doorbell rang .
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We never hid anything from each other .
8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
She was waiting for him .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I used to go running there .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Give my regards to your family .
Javier
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
Yours faithfully ,
I was waiting for the answer .
I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
We were five people .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
We felt very happy .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
They were crying .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
My employers have never complained of my services .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely yours ,
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Send me some tourist information if you have .
Think about your family , is it important to you ?
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport has always been a mayor problem .
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
She just felt it under her skin .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window were totally different .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
People were very worried about her .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
I had been learning English for the last six months .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
For example , I have successfully completed ? Offshore Drilling ? course of ? Total ? Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know I just moved too a new town .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
I think I will really like it here .
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I 've always laughed so much !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas ?berg
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
First of all , our generation youth people are more
open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
Of course
it depends what season your doing the festival .
When autumn , winter
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
fashion enough .
cold .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino pi? " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
But if you are lucky you can park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I picked it up from the ground .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I started to open it very carefully .
She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't common from her side .
I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
When it happened .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I were absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
There was she , staying front me .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
How come he 'd done that to me !
Asking him was useless .
All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
Nothing more ...
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
I played wrestling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another method of admiring girls .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
I hope you will consider my application .
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
Construction will be ameliorated .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
For one thing - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear students ,
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little caf?s at the market square .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
Tell me I 'm curious .
Francisco
Indroduction
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
It would be great !
We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I hope my suggestions will help you .
First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
But it has been raining for four days .
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
It has many disadvantages .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
They are really good !
To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
At present there are many means of transportation .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
Thanks
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
Pain of jealousy .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl who had left him in need of time .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
A dare to prove .
courage can change lives
He was isolated .
All was a fa?ade .
They had all worn masks .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
In the first place , she never left him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
Every bit of pain .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
On the day after I went back home .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
But why ?
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
Home should associate with family , happiness .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
However , there is also a problem .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
It will be a new public transport .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Always been free .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Finally he arrived .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
Spain must be really incredible !
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
Where could be better ? !
My dad took even a photo of us with him .
Give my regards to your parents !
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
sincerely ,
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
You will no regret coming to Spain .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
Also the ticket price is not cheap .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
loverer .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
Trapagaran , environmentally friend
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
I hope to see you soon brother .
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona ? is a daily situation .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
Next year in Turkey .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Very different morning
The doorbell rang .
I looked around but no one was there . "
As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat M?rquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
Montserrat M?rquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjar?n tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
In Lanjar?n as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
On the one hand we have technology .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand we have transport .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
Would we live better without technology ?
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
Simply , come and watch .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
All of the crew but two were killed .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
You asked me what time would i arrive .
Do you remember it ?
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So do n't need to hurry now . )
Francois
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
But for Michael , she is his world .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Dear Mikel ,
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
Hi Mary !
It was great to hear from you .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
It 's almost a love triangle !
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
The fairies nearly control everything .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
By Pravinija Mukherjee
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amen?bar came to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
Measures being taken
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
More things that could be done
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrer?a is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of C?ceres .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
La Cacharrer?a has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
Hi Ryan ,
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I hope your answer soon .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I practise it every day in my school .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
If you try it you can do it .
Karen
In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
there are variety of transport mean .
Some are private and some are public .
Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
I would love to show you around my city .
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Piotrek
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
yours sincerely ,
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
It makes my day more productive .
How could I forget about cycling ?
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
In my opinion parking charges are too high .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me it is only a torture .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
Contact me by email .
Sincerely ,
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
Be confident
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Why do I think so ?
It 's a way to deal with external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
There you can cure your sick heart .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
The luckiest man that you can know in C?ceres is called Sergio .
Until now all is normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
To : Alex
Subject :
Sounds perfect for me !
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
Overall , my personal opini?n is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
The death of the public transportation
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
The Hunger Games
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
" ..... " he looked to his hands .
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
There are two things that most impinge my life .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
That is why I learn my children to play fair .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : ? That 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! ?
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Pite? Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
A friendship that ends , never started
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
To travel by train is not an option for me .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
You might spend time and money to learn a language .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The young people should do an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
Well , i 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Luc?a
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill run along his neck .
He was scared .
He was shot in his head .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
The train was finally stopped .
He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
I felt like that was partly my doing .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
Suzanne
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
Best wishes
Nikoleta Uvarova
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
But firstly he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
Vera Borb?la Solt
We live in the century of the speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
But , the future will change this situation .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
How are you?I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
I 'll be there to meet you .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Juan
Saving the environment
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
I play football twice a week as minimum .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
The equipment is very important too .
So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
There are a lot of opportunities .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
Will I succeed ?
In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
St . Petersburg
Dear
How are you ?
There are my answers to your questions .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Best wishes ,
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , ? .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column ? Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
Some days we have a long trip too .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
In the end all went fantastic .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
Thank you for your time and attention .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this was not everything .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
Facebook , Twitter ? all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holidays was here !
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I had to wait awake in the airport !
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton ? ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
But everyone think in that way ?
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW ?
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Save yourself
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
Would I be brave , determined ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max coud not be happier . "
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
Dear Mr Smith :
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
Michael went to take the case .
A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
They entered .
Tom and his campaign
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
Laura Piccio
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
Main materials will be plastic and metal .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
This film is set in England .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
It is well worth seeing !
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
This composition is about the famous person from my country .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
From : yo@gmial.com
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Do n't run too much and so quickly !
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
Hi chi T?nh ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
We will have furniture that do not stain .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
Kitchen will be different too .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
Well ? .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
I hate writing since school .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
good
She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about
Let 's get started !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
The future .
No one can tell how it will be like .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
Everyone in the village try to find the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
But everything changes quite rapidly then .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
This fact took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
We go on being friends .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Cat?lica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom may it concern ,
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
See you soon ,
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
I would not rather say yes .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
Their girl has grown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkono?e , Jesen?ky or ?umava .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karl?tejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uhersk? Hradi?t? .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I do n't know what to write more .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
Dear Mr Smith .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
Awaiting your news .
my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
It was done very natural in their lives .
Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
Only the place was important .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
What about the Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
The football
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I encourage you to try it .
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Caf? .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
subject : the transports of my local area
date : 24th june
introduction :
buses are the mai transport in my area .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
another option :
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
Second , running is simple .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
Will it be good , or not ?
IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
You are reading and thinking what will happen .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
-So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Sincerely ,
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
What have you doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
But , is it also that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
Rubbish and pollution
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
Summing Up
There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
Regards ,
Carlos
I like both ways .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
They can quickly to feed his baby .
That is friendly for children and parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Sports and sleep
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-drink water
-eat a lot of Fast Food
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
Yours sincerely ,
Luc?a Orellana
According to a study published by the journal ? American Journal of Medicine Brevintev ? in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation ? Rand ? American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : ? investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people ? .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Max ,
How are you ? I 'm fin .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
We need to slow down the time !
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
Tom arrived home very late .
firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
It 's big with many activities .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
I did with my dog .
It measures about 30 centimetres .
At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
After that , the pringting process comes into play .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The most significant part of the
manually inspectors by the officers .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
At last , all of
Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
Many people use their car alone .
The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
So they could spare their cars with other people
here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
I said that I would accompany you .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
I usually earn between 50.000 ? and 60.000 ? each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
There are also many historical building in my country .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
Yours sincerely ,
My favourite film
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
The historic context is recreated in the film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
Andreea
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
The most used public transport is the Bus .
However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
I love this place so much !
First of all , if they are staying in ?esk? Bud?jovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kle? .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th century , C?ceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries here .
On the other hand , C?ceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
In the third place , this year C?ceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15?/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
You should speak accurately and also fluent .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The white Mt .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
People who come here are so many .
Fuji in a year .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
Fuji .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
Best wishes .
Good afternoon .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
She said she will join me for the exam .
In fact she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
What a smell !
Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
Dear Sir or Madam .
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
We can take a trip by boat .
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Tong Sun Ku
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
The Active Leisure Club
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
Desadvantages
The activities are expensive .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
Recommendations
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
How the English say : better the devil you know .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take entrance examination .
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
I must be looking like them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
My favorite sport is running .
They would just do if they have to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
Running will ever be my favorite sport !
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
Ihope you consider me for this job .
Paulina
What a great new !
I am very keen on PC games too .
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport are slalom .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
To ski well you need do push your body forward .
It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
His name is Pepe .
He never left me alone .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She began to study at the prestigious University .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
The first step was made .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
Students log in the website
Students do the test
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
The room was full of things that day .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
Michael thought .
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned ? 2,000 in just a day .
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
I was there with my friend .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it !
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
No future for the public transport ?
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Some of these oave the same destinations .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
It can have influence at their work .
It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Of course it can be different in each country .
For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
Hi Maria Jos? ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
Best wishes ,
Adri?n Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
The online visiting is a good point in this case .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
Will they fly in the sky ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
Technology will control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
Yes .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
Dear Sir
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
preference .
Since the public transport , it decrease people
work or travelling by car .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
He did his best for this race .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
He went to coffee shop .
In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
The old man became very excited and glad .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , C?ceres , M?rida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alc?ntara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
And many more .
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles ? that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
My name is Marco Bruno .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
Sincerely ,
Marco Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
WHY TENNIS
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
What will be the same ?
Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
Nothing else .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And of course you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
I would like to help people in my best way I can .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and caf?s .
The " Mariahilferstra?e " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Thank you so much for your attention ,
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
Best wishes ,
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
It 's only for your safety .
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
After my graduation .
In 2000 .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
I can recommend you to visit the library .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Not far from the town lies zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
However , others disagree with it .
Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result I am also organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
Kind Regards
Dear Jo ,
My
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
With kind regards , Catarina
When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
This evening was so delightful !
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the tickets sale .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 ? uros .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
From : Elena
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
Elena
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
Every human being has a need in socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic , however , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with next to him a glass , which was completely broken .
I thought that he must have called the reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
The next day the waitress knocked once , twice , three times but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
So he must have killed him with the poison .
Sometimes people will do anything for some money
Sometimes the members of a group began to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
Moreover if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
For more than 50 years it has been the main entertainment channel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable to me .
It was the end of a hard work 's day so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
Then , disaster struck .
One hour later our table was on fire .
While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
At the moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always space for further discussion .
In smaller towns without underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
Safity issue is very important also .
It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they will have a great time .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family small flat .
Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
Very , very jealous .
He was handsome as hell , well - build and a true gentleman .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living with his mother .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is a total opposite .
The only thing they have in common are eyes , taken from their mother .
Rest is anything but completely different .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
FILM REVIEW
One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
This flick stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their role very convincingly .
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
It 's worth it !
To : manager of the centre
From : John Jones
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
However the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are actually in use .
Is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
Many years had passed .
Alice had gone through the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
Sadness stroked her heart .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
And so , she had looked around to find a way .
Then she had found a gate nearby .
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had been stronger than her fears .
She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
Finally , after much time travels , Alice had this feeling .
The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
The first thing she saw was a young girl .
She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
But that day - it was on spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in2112 ' .
Only then I realised that there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
An unknown number .
I picked up and heard nice woman voice .
So happy was I !
That moment a bit changed my life because I 've started to write more and more stories .
Since I was a child , I had been curious to know how stuff works .
Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
During my study , my parents and I noticed that I understand kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry , that is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate study and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
Second , TU - Clausthal has very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
A lot of different languages are spoken in all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn it .
my view is that nowadays English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
The most common reasons to study a language are the job and travelling .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you always can find somebody who does .
One of the subjects at school is English .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused with the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
They have so successfully infiltrated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opted for seducing them .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject matter .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day although less frequently at night .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Paul
I read your email yesterday but I had n't had the time to reply yet .
I helped catering the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
I had asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
It was NICKELBACK !
They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
The guys were really nice !
Hope to see you soon .
Valerie
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarv?gen 42 , close to a field .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
I compete in skiing and I think it 's very funny . I often go skiing in ?re , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
Once every year I ski with my ski club ( T?by slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Zermatt you can see the mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
It is a very cool mountain .
I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called K?lhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
If it was possible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
But I do also like a movie called The game plan .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to say because then it is not going to be fun to see the movie .
For example Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
Modern family is my favourite series .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier with an artist called Sia .
I do also like a song called classic with an artist called MKTO .
When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and b?arnaise .
I like sushi because the combination with fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
He was trapped .
The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hit the door with hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
He opened his eyes again when the steps were faded away .
Michael felt himself strangely , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
He started running towards the light .
The moment he reached the light everything changed .
He did n't feel anything .
Micheal felt something shaking him .
He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
Suddenly Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
It was amazing event !
Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Also I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
Dear Jane ,
It must be awful for you .
To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
And you know how much I love your music .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
I hope I helped you a bit .
And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
Daria .
English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language just grew .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
I would be happy too , if by any chance I could apply to summer jobs or internships , as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
The castle is very big and you will need some hours to visit it .
It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
If you want to visit it , order a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
Yours faithfully ,
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media art works , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
It was situated into a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
An example could be the medieval art .
Seeing a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
In every historic period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
Dear Camp Director :
I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
I have experience in looking after children .
I am always willing to help in anything . I can be very creative when in comes to fun things .
I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
In the other hand , they should learn something new in the summer camp .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
Dear Paul ,
It was great to hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
Last month I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
It was a dream come true .
She 's my favourite singer .
Can you imagine that ?
I wish I could do it again .
Of course , I told her , you 're dating Lisa now .
Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
Ala.
This past year was special for me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
It was a very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School which was a huge relief .
It was aweful .
The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year , it was truly amazing .
It is amazing !
I felt cold sweat on my back .
I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
So who had ? ?
I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
" Laura ?
Are you okay ?
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen open window .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
Dear MR . Smith
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post from the 18th of July .
My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I was in a position of a leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when Fran?ois Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Freeman
I like almost all kinds of sports .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't know why .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Maybe it 's because in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player on the world . I 'm also not .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that the society wants to know about them as much as it 's possible .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate life .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
It 's really important for people to know the bound between curiosity and nosiness .
We should respect other 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
Nature is one of the most important theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelist and poets .
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as an inseparable reality from man , whereas it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
In the Romantic Age we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
Also Coleridge had a concept of sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John Ambulance .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye opening experience .
Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Ms Magpie
An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
Here are some tips to help you get a positive first impression .
Dress to impress
Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
Never use monosyllabic answers .
Maintain eye contact .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily , consequently I do not have a large circle of friends .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
A justification for this may be the fact that over the years people change and grow apart .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Yours faithfully ,
Vi?a del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaruants on the first and second floors .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded at peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
This street runs from the Vi?a Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
There are also other areas in Vi?a del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
All in all , I consider there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
How my town takes care of the environment :
This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycle bins in their homes .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish with big dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
How do the town try to keep the area clean :
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum to the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
1 .
A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
A commercial team responsible for raise awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
I 've always liked to play with kifds and make fun activities with them .
I can cook anything , really , just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
-Work in the kitchens .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was doing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
Peter and his father were very busy solving problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
He had given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
Overall the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
There was no time left to be bored !
First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour at and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and old - fashioned roofs .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
as you already know , I 'm from a little town , K?trzyn .
Most of the year I live in Pozna? , because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
Like I previously said , K?trzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
It was the best summer ever .
It was like working in a paradise .
My duties were pretty simple .
Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
The main reason why I loved to work there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
There is only one auditorium so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
I mean , it was September , so I had a one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
I bet it is an interesting story .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Maciej
Date : 27 Sep 2014
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and at the same time achieved good results in the past three years .
And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
She enjoys reading , performing arts including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times respectively in 1995 .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
The literature review contains three main parts .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in business context .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I had to leave them for school and college .
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and for what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
Yours , Ge?des .
Set in in the late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters on the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty talented daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerful chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
On the one hand , personal cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear too soon .
Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
" Tick " .
He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
" Ring ! " The bell rang .
Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
Fortunatley ,
the bathroom was just a few meters away .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind about it .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and the architectural style .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
For those who enter it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by high trees of great age .
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
You can buy there almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more bigger .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
That 's why you must see it !
In my view , I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personality development .
Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
My mother told me that you would have to take care of it by yourself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
Since that day , I started to take care of on my own .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of utmost importance in this regard .
Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
We have seen a great drop in the number of solid waste .
Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir G?nay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertu?rul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
I??k Ku??u , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
Bekir G?nay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , told about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations of Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked on current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Just before the beginning of mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
The round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
During the break the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
Living in a big city I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and fowls ' chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
Most of consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
People become crazy , nervous or dull while shopping .
Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential , they are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself , it causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
Although , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time consuming and tiresome job .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it , after entering a colourful and attractive store .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable by the vast majority .
Fortunately , this unnavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that willing to hit the mall .
The letter that changed my life
She always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
She was expecting a letter of the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
I looked up as she opened the envelope .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
We found your audition amazing .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , was chosen to become the main woman in a big play !
I , and not my sister !
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal with fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back their work on time .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food to be a part of their daily diet .
Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and still growing rapidly .
I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interacion .
Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genders or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems among teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
I saw the advertisement for a job to work this summer camp .
I really thought I would be the right person for this .
I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
I am really hardworking and love kids , I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this , I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
People and Change "
I feel that this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing nature of modern societies .
In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where to be highly mobile is something
that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
For myself , I very much belong to this group .
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , thereby not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read about fantasies and comics .
Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life especially in the first few months .
During the first months , he relationship between a mother and a child rapidly develops .
The baby 's inborn capacity of imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Development of emotional and psychological problem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult - life .
Because of this risk abortion can be considered an option .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life is affected .
In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
Otherwise , you may run the risk that people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situation where abortion is given as an option .
Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Mont?s for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
He taught to people from different backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Mont?s , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank with excellent results .
Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
As a matter of fact students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
However , it also has some disadvantages .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoying more working with textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
As a writer - to - be I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
And not only for boys but for girls too .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
I have two lovely kids .
My elder son is 20 already .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
After all this courses that I 've done I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
Next to me everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
My kids are proud to have parants like me and my husband .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
I have just started teaching a new , face to face group of adults .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or for some of them a fourth language .
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop their social and intellectual skills .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
In addition , spending too much time in activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
And finally , teenagers may become more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
I 'm looking forward to being there , I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
Thanks you very much .
Love , Valeria
Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Only a decade year ago , robotics was just limited to scientific research .
This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had a great value in training for surgical treatment .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also realize weakness of students specifically .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots to do tasks .
Two groups of participants were asked to do suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
It was found that there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion time when comparing tasks from students with basic knowledge and the one from another group .
Today , more people not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
Besides influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve application of robotics .
Is there no future for public transport ?
It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
Public transport allows you to save time and money in commuting .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
There are so many nice places in Russia .
They are scattered across the city .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interests .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital like Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Bront? in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
Charlotte Bront? uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
Nonetheess , it helps to shape your own personality .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm glad I finally heard from you after all this time .
It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
Anyway great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
I 'm available whenever you are so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
Furthermore there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
I hope I will hear from you soon !
Love ,
Marenka
It was very considerate of you to send condolences so please , have my thanks .
It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
I 'm still looking for the one suitable for me .
Last summer I thought I found it .
It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Daria
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
at the entrance of the temple were two statues the first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
Some of the aspects have been discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
And because history has a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
On the one hand owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want without being tied down to a set timetable and furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share a transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
? Does anyone feel like a victim ?
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
The lyrics will be explained .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent better the meaning of our songs .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look we will find some sexism in some parts .
However , there 's a hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , made by some specific situations .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
We have found this kind of agent in the songs with the love relationship as the subject .
In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
The main participants are the woman and the man .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type more used .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just want to leave him .
Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
The processes that appears more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man
The other participants appears a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
She is regreting because their relationship get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
Although now she is sure , she had suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " was inside her .
She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
Even though , there 's a sentence that can confuse anyone .
She says " swallowing my pride " .
She has to do it , and is a sacrifice .
Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
He is confusedly in love .
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and will be hard for you to stop .
The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that want to learn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
In time , you will get to learn many new words .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Hey John !
How are things going over there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
I 've been very busy lately .
And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you can help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
Waiting to hear back from you ,
Your friend Hugo .
Proposal for the development of a sports activity .
They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space where to practice it comfortably .
Benefit for all ages
There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves your body and health but also helps you have positive thoughts making everyone feel happier .
Conclusi?n
In my opinion improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refutes the reading passage .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young can toads from moving through the water way , the fence is useless .
The lecturer 's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the cane toads spreading problem .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
But it is also because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
One of the main advantages of cutural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
Dear Yasser ,
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
Ibrahim Guirguis
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
Working in the community is more adequate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have done a minor offence .
Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lay down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have conceded a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit doing them .
The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer form his / her own conclusions .
I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
The acting was smooth and credible .
Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
Actually I intend to study law but since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chose economics .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
Without law , this world that we are living in will not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
My study plan is to untertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will spark .
Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
From a very young age children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
However I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
Introduction :
The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building that offers enough space for smaller classes .
Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
Finally , authentic material in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
Conclusion .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthen and enhanced .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
I could have been pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull him up instead .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
I tried to justify my own horrible action .
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
Only God knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with its own characteristics and personalities .
Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favourite actress .
Because of all these reasons , I highly recommend taking into account Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
Furthermore , I am fluent in English language , with good writing skills .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently completing my tasks .
I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
They will pay you a reasonable salary .
And it will be good preparation for your study at college .
Christina ,
I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
As for my city , the mayor gives environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference among re - use , recycle and reduce .
a different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
Trash distribution , using green products that repect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety English courses .
I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts , through a combination of individual conferences , class activities , and group discussion .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than previously has been assumed .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most public recognized - is the automobile .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
Travelling to Japan through food !
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant is the place to be on a Friday night .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
They need to focus on that a bit more .
You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
There are several reasons to support my position .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me , and makes me breathless .
However , I always can recover my energy after having a little nice chat with my family or friends .
Therefore , the happiness brought from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me feel delighted .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keep me in a good mood .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life since we spend so much time in the workplace .
This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
However , most of the time people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes , and gossip , with our colleagues .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that the social life has more of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than does my job .
The only post ever sent to me was an anniversary card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box up , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental for the environment .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport lowers the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
For others it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queue usually are very long .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within city limits .
The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is being used as a museum .
The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meter located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyaz?t Square .
You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in your hotel room during my stay .
Last week , I joined the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
Therefore , I need those papers .
As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
I am willing to pay for postal charges .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
They are studying in an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
I wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
Modern TV is worth every pound
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
However , there 's always a channel that sends out a new episode .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like between all the trash because of the wide variety .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
During the past five years I have been organizing several events not just in England but also in the United States and Portugal .
As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
Yours Sincerely ,
Today i want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
Also , we need to know how it is made .
Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideration .
Not only the background colour but also the artwork we need to choose .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
After that , we now need to print it out .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of been copied .
Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and effort made by bank workers .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It went out of control and they started fighting .
The ball went straight the police station window and broke the glass .
Peter got so scared that ran away .
Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
The end .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection like a present .
When the American series ' House ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
He only agrees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of the time he succeeds .
Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to so he gets addicted again .
The series had a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series huge success .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was on the whole qualitative .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
I would strongly recommend the youth to take up this sport .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used if the benefit of the students and , indirectly , in the benefit of the local community .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increased funds for the educational sector .
Drama Club
This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking or order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Cooking classes will helps students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating healthier because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
" Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
The information they acquired during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra- curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
The potential risks for our new generations
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of the parents or the fact they usually have no control nor way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
Back to the full potential
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have it either .
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
It not only helps reducing pollution , but also allows users to save money , in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars only to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
I m 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
I love kids , and i m very outgoing .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , also together with my own view on it .
I hope you would like it .
In his early age , he lost his mother to illness .
On the contrary , the fact was inconsistent with what he expected .
Not concerning the harsh environment but her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice with weeping .
Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
After listening to the small story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in the society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
Sooner or later we will face the music .
In such a way they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
Secondly , the state can take 5 percent from every salary .
The pensioners will receive their money when they retire .
It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
Everyone should think not just about his benefit , but about others .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it worth it , because you can save money .
So , I think the statement would be like this " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Nevertheless , governments claim that they nowadays are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and such problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that nowadays it is probably competing with private transport .
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is taken when no other option is possible .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly recovers the amount invested .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage because it is an individual decision .
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online so I decided to come check it out for myself .
Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
I started chatting with the chef who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate which was perfect for me !
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited to taste his artful presentation as it came to life !
It literally looked like a piece of abstract art painting .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day so stay tune !
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses the magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one side of the magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
Dear mum ,
It has been a long while since I last met . you and dad .
Hope things are winding down for you well !
But still , our customs had evovled a lot .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially for under - cooked fish .
So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
progress of integrating to their culture .
Last week , we went to The Mountain Fuji .
The mountain was half - melted with glacier on top .
That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
Katherine
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
My second advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
From my point of view it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster gives to the family that was left behind .
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal education and practice .
I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
Marilyn Monroe once said ,
So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
Fame is a side effect of job in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
So let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
He was exhausted so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview in the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
Water treatment must meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Although an understanding of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
Since microbiology was yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
Unlike the past , where people have little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene ; with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
This being said , you can imagine the atmosphere being comfortably airy .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering thai - food dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
Another aspect I would like to emphasise on is the service .
They are courtous and industrious .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
If the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would have married her .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instaed to what she was saying ...
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
During my staying there I was responsible for taking care of musicians and contacting media .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
I agree with the statement .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
But I think there is an exception : monarchy .
I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
Do you have a great passion for films ?
Then College Film Club is just for you !
I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
We 're expecting you !
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
A house for them to live !
It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
They lived happily ever after .
It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned on and off the light of his bedroom eight times .
He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to his boss office .
A woman 's voice answered .
He liked her at first .
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they will work very easily together .
And congratulations for the baby!- His boss looked at him in anger:- Do you think that I am pregnant?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all- .
Our city offers to visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
Window shopping through our high street is another option .
For example , people interested in cooking has some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city but there are much more to discover !
Yes , that 's true that the car is far more convenient than the public transport .
You are listening to your favourite music .
The temperature level is exactly what you like .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
But -- will it always be the best choice ?
No , not at all !
You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
So in that case it 's better to leave your car at home .
High cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
So I 'd have to say this .
On short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take an old good bus , just like 100 years ago .
For instance , travelling with children it is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You can be sure that I had a time of my life .
Everything was so exciting about helping at this concert .
I had to take care of other volounteers .
I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
I think I did my best .
They came from different parts of the world .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brasil .
That was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kind of boats .
First of all public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
When we use public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
Driving a car is also more tiring , driver must be concentrated all the time .
Of course not always public transport is more convenient .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
With car we are more independent than with public transport .
There are many pros and cons but for sure we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
At present I am uncertain about the number of the students , but it will probably be about 15 .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
During our stay we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
Introduction
The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to elevate the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
The majority of people were of opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
Ways to address the issues
The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
Implement a tutorial to facilitate the usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
Although it had been a tiring day she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
It gives us much pleasure and many moments of joy .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sport events , but they do n't go in for sports .
There are a lot of kinds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
This is very popular sport and very useful for your health .
You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around .
Some football players are world famous ; they make excellent careers and take part in each championship .
Many people today go in for extreme sports .
Perhaps , they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
There are different types of extreme sports , for example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
Doing such sports people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
Take bungee jumping .
You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
In skysurfing you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
Winter sports have always an element of danger .
Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
I think that everyone must do all to be healthy .
Good health is better than the best medicine .
In summer I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winter I go in for skating .
You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
I think they are really cool .
I admire people who dare to do such sports .
Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of EE.UU .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splended actresses , why would you miss it ?
What I did not in Vacations
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga nor Justin Timberlake .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during vacations .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacations week .
No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
Indeed , what I did in vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finally , the holidays have started .
It will be our third time at this campsite .
However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involves no climbing at all .
We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion world after a few years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
The most interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
But , wait !
It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
Will I survive ?
Will my life be the same ?
Not only I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
Will I find myself writing letters ?
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading he newspapers , the forecast weather , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence on our life and people around us .
Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
A new person entered his life one day .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
The only way was to show and prove everyone that he was the best .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
Their boss checked the work then .
The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
He praised the Michael 's work .
They both left the office soon .
Feeble souls
The problem is choosing who to donate to .
I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
First thing I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Then I 'll look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on finding their cure .
I 'll be left with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their face .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
The sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
Do not forget to greet me when we met on the road .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
Through teamwork , students with varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proved to be necessary in a class with varied levels of students .
The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
In Ukraine young people are different too .
Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and now is developed very fast .
I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
Many people follow fashion designers .
It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options of travelling by public transport .
My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
If you want to go to Vigo or other city which is near , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
If your destiny is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
Train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
Dear Mr./Ms .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art on English .
Working on projects help me improve my organizational and planning skills .
Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
I am happy that you have chosen to spend the following year in my country .
First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
I would also recommend you to know the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
I have many tips to share with you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Mr Jascolka
This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
They are known for selling fake products .
You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
If you prefer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
Dear Paul ,
The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
We tried to make everyone had fun .
But the most memorable was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I must go now .
Lots of Love .
Jane .
I could n't be more excited about being for six months in the UK !
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all that problems that I had with my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered for a course .
My classes will happen from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
You know how much I want to graduate in History .
The weekends are a perfect time for this .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early chidlhood .
On graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
My tasks have included organizing sports and other activities for children .
References are enclosed .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita Gavrilova
Dancing is something that human beings always did , in one way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
On the other hand , I always loved classical music .
For me it was the perfect combination .
That , by chance , happen to be near my town .
There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told to the best part yet !
See you soon ,
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raising the academic performance of Students
The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
More collaborative efforts should be paid to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
Given the experiences gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans , unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with the global food security .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have over our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
Introduction
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in such segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
? 40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
? 30% of them said they never watch them .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
Impact on local culture
Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
Recommendations
One intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
But , on the other hand , traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
The late actor Louis de Fun?s is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hired by a British employer it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 does n't speak English very well .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same languish and who are at the same level of their vocabulary .
It 's better to talk British and force it on them .
? I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . ?
I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
At first , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
So I did n't mind working against time and long hours .
I was very ambitious !
It was exhausting ! !
This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
Location
The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and attractive tourist location .
You can rent bikes .
Facilities
It is suitable for 68976 people .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the most adjacent accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially the pickpocketing .
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle the crime .
In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
It happened in May 2008 .
I had just graduated the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
I was looking for a job .
By that time I had visited six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
I decided to go to my parents and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
But then I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
Our life - 50 years from now
They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
There is a little truth and possibility in it .
Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from and earn money at the same time .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a year gap before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective to life and will help them become more confident with what they really love .
Luckily enough , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
What is a path through writing ?
People hold different views about the causes of crime .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst for illegality .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
In addition , the prevalence of social media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occur due to social media and poverty .
In the past people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it made face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
This leads , among other things , to the ability for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
The young generations in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened since years .
Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour ? simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
There are lives in our hands .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
It 's all about lines .
The line separating you from the people you work with .
To make friends .
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
Other people are far too messy .
It 's all about lines .
There 's another way to survive this competition .
She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and others that need more like Karate , Judo , and so .
the First advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless their strengths , ages and so on .
When you do a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Second advantage of doing martial arts is how to respect others .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
Some people think there are some disadvantages like injury , and getting aggressive .
But before starting , you supposed to evaluate your needs and your health condition .
In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
The original work was written by the mathematical , logical and British writer Lewis Carroll .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achieved in the most varied environments .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent adapted to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in the same way that when you read the book .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to the classmates what activities need to be done .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
They enjoyed being the"boss " and giving telling other students what to do .
This made every thing seem less cluttered and more manageable .
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
The enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
Insights for future lessons :
If grammar was part of the lesson It would need to be a point that is being revised .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure , you 'll enjoy the city .
With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it for yourself .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
With any doubt a good friend is a treasure .
As the saying goes " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
If you respect your friends then they will respect you .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
It is surprising the amount of nice people next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new friends .
As I said before every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
I did n't know was happening , and why they were acting like this .
When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
Hope to hear from you soon .
Zahraa .
How is the experience of learning another language ?
The learning of our mother tongue language is a long term process that everyone has to be involved in .
I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English ; I realized that , although the classes were important , a systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
With the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream , work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
They told them everything .
The new group worked very well together but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
Dear camp director :
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
overall I just love children
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
I have just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contacts with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
Now let 's talk about the good things .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and great time with you .
I know that the country is really lovely there .
I am rather lazy as a person , I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general but I definitely love walking .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim doing something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put your pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy any minute of it .
You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
Dear Jo ,
Thank you for your email .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa of Korea .
If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
As you know , if you have normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
So , now I have to go back to work .
All the best ,
It was a winter night .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also other person 's life .
Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought that option , left the interrogation room .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
Ragged and worn , it certain had seen better days .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
Travelling farther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to move themselves around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and if you want to go somewhere you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions from before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank notes printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both side of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
Sheets in the second groups then get seperated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
My boyfriend is the best in all the entire round world .
His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
I met him two years ago in a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
One of them was the day we went to a concert of our favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
I love him and I know that I always will .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Danny .
In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat on her face .
She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
Her eyes gazed to his lips .
He must have applied some lip stick for it to be that red !
Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime but she could not help it .
We need free books for our schools
First of all , let me tell the adavantages .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
Next we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
In conclusion , we should provide free books to our students .
I am writing to express my very strong interest and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world such as your company .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
My CV , which is enclosed , contains additional information on my experience and skills .
Again , thank you for your consideration .
The streets were calmed and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
" So here we are " he said looking upward . "
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
They moved in the crowd that made several phone calls and talked about their busy life .
She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
She nooded and made another effort to look around .
Who could be ?
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someone who knew too much maybe .
" What about him ?
As usual , they were talking about illegal things
They came closer to the man .
They talked for hours one trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking he looked to the young couple in front of him
" What are you doing here pests ? !
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reafirm his social position .
The young couple grinned " You haven't heard about the mind hackers right ? "
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
He gasped and tried to scream but it was too late to run .
They controlled his mind .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed
" Bingo . We got a code "
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interiors of the building .
They got with the receptionist
" Are you two the people who will make their skill test ? "
What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
It was disturbing as kids were also included .
The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
She felt somehow nervous " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling about this " but it was too late .
They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
They walked in to find a man looking through the window
" You two are finally here . I know who you are "
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers "
Just how a coin has two sides , television too , has its pros and cons .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
presently we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
However , I believe that their functionality will change .
But we have to ask ourselves why would we connect every device in our house to World Wide Web ?
The answer is :
remote control .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
If you require any further information , I am available for an on line interview .
Thank you in advance ,
Yours faithfully ,
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of sustaining one , two or more per family , however , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
Many affordable bus and metropolitan passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude what had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
Was she alone ?
Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside in their roles .
An example of that it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
Dear Katy
I 'm really glad to hear from you !
It 's been a long time since we last contact each other .
So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
Love
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin or to keep fit .
However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
Dear Editor ,
I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
The fist day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and for some people is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
Another point of concern was transportation .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
On the other hand Joey and Chandler live together .
Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions without success .
And Chandler works in an office but he does n't really like his job .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group , she sings and plays the guitar but she is not very good at it .
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating with a man twenty years older than her .
The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other but they always forgive and forget !
The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan watching it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
However raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from the ones of the parents .
On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children education .
Dear Sir ,
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the potition advertised .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
Looking forward to hearing from you , at your earliest convenience .
Restpectfully ,
Ana Cant?
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but in the same time is hard to describe .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money making or good fighting evil .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate the life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
Unlock the door toward a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street - London on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
The tutor , Will Reeves - a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
Therefore , he concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
FAILURES
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
Not only was the venue inconvenient but it was also dirty .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
There are some unfavorable influence on people 's lives .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affect and thus they would feel less happy than other people lived in unpolluted areas .
The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive at proper place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
Firstly , laws should be set to forbid some projects which cause massive problems to the environment .
First of all , at the English course which I do at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
So , the first two questions are :
Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations , which I used in my free writing .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in life .
For example , when there have to be sent letters in English .
Among them a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
Having own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
Private care per individual is needed .
The trend of personal car is increasing rapidly .
But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer it .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
It is very serious and hard to solve because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
All those people who are living this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There are many people who worry about and are willing to help and support them .
Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting in to the central business district .
Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
Using the car can be more flexible for some individuals .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of the above reasons .
The reasons for use is dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino 's films and it 's very different from previous ones .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness in a very luxurious trip to New York .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you tied to the screen .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
Therefore , the working group will do its assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different time frames will be challenging .
Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
This variables influence the behavior of employees .
There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
Moreover tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for everyone .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes even do n't realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment :
There is a great public transport syste .
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
Old clothes , books and toys in good conditions can be passed on to charity shops .
And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck into the whole society with many negative elements , drawing the attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
One of the overt reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature with approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most of greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Another phenomenon can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomenon .
Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
Moreover , it creates a colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken area is social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
Secondly , farming also has contributed to migration .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have produced immense economic and social impacts .
The fact is natural disasters have changed people and animal 's living environment bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
It is too early is n't ?
Everything seems to strange when you fifteen and you are talking about love .
This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love back ?
To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world , will make you bleed .
They will always love you base on your looks then personality .
No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
It can kill your soul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able , so that we may begin to arrange your travel .
My favourite sport is walking .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
But in my opinion a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
If you are young you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and with time improve your performance
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
You will find yourself walking a little longer and faster than the day before .
And if you do that then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
It was a sunny day of April .
Easter was coming .
He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
He was home alone baby - sitting his two year old sister .
All of a sudden he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
Michael was terrified .
But the phone was dead .
So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
It 's only a dream .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
He put his hand on the handle and without thinking too much he opened the door .
It ca n't be real .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
I think it is true that colour do influence our decision when we buy different things .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red likewise in some other cafes and restaurants .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or a colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
We were three years old .
She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
We first met at the swings , she smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and timidly , she nodded .
I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
We love doing sleepovers , watch movies and going on holidays together .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to our society .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
In my opinion there is future for public transport .
Secondly public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
Lastly if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
I like to beleieve that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships in his path .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking through those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you my teacher .
Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the local newspaper for the vancancy of Junior Chef .
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
Yours Faithfully ,
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
I was as happy as a lark but soon it was getting dark .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw ; after countless hours of crawling .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all four !
I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall over the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palm in a manner I could have no control over .
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find where I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
Emphatically I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
A second thought crossed my mind telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
I was born in Russia , but lived in many different countries around the world .
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
She is a great woman hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
This is clearly seen when driving in the route and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the way .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
First of all , I would like to say that the young people have worse health nowadays .
It is our fault because we have let the companies to profit from our own sins .
I am not saying we should travel back in time .
We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
Therefore , I call to action .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
The sport that I like the most is Dancing .
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it the most .
You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it serious , because even though I said it is fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
Recently I have listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
This got me thinking , how do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less with the behaviour of younger people ?
This can differ from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the governmen .
These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
Secondly , adults can offer advice to the youngsters .
They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
They are of great influence on younger people .
So when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
However , it is n't all that great .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to act to this wrong example .
Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
Today we will make a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medications such as analgesics and paracetamol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important way of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
- If you had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises , some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
What people do with their rubbish
However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
How the town tries to keep the area clean
According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
Every year we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
However , everything starts at the level of education that every human being receives .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we live in .
Not only the government should make laws to control the situation but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
To maintain the only earth we live in is now the major issue for us nowadays .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went out to meet her friend from India .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves fell from the trees .
They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
When Alison came to she did not see any people .
When it was already 10 pm suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
The car began to chase her .
Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
They became stars because of this film .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
I think it is the best one too .
The photography is also good .
It has a pair of good tunes and they use them .
The script separates this film from the others .
The script is made of pure gold .
It is so tightly knitted you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
Dear Prof . Findlay ,
I am excited to apply for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food science related topics .
The advertised position is very appealing for me because I have always been fascinated about nutrition and natural therapies .
The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I possess a strong work ethic .
I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
Sincerely ,
There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
The modern times have raised the concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
In the recent years there has been a great change in consumption habits .
Now days , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
In my opinion it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
We can know this just by comparing the life now and 50 years ago .
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
We will definitely have better drugs and also less incurable diseases .
All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
It can not escape our minds that at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say that even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are particularly dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
All things considered we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and in no time everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
Currently I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
Nowadays it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
I consider myself to be ideally suited for this job for several reasons .
Second , I am quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
And finally , I am kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
I would like to work in your summer camp .
And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
However , others claim that it is vital for societies and next generations .
Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
According to supporters of it , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
Supporters also claim that , it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
The other benefit is about human life .
With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
They believe that it is unnatural .
Another problem is the genetically modified food products .
Charles Dickens and the Br?nte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that struck the contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Br?nte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
In both novels the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
In the Br?nte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
How could this have happened to him ?
No one could have anticipated what happened next .
I must have seem cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
Thank you for your e - mail .
It is very nice to hear from you .
As you know , I helped at a concert of U2 last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
I must say that not all of them are veru easy to work with .
The things some of them wanted , unbelievable!Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they ask me to do it again .
Not to say that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
Deirdre
Some assert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
This means that the food being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
This reduction in the application of chemical materials can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure the food production in the period of drought .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
When a student came in , also he was surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Students Use of Leisure Time
The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
In the second section both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
For example , only 10% percent of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
More than a half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two and more times a week .
In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on a big screen every week .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
40% of the girls read books several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
For example , 53% of the female students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
If any conclusions may be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
According to the findings , it is clear that nowadays going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
Of course you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth as you said .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
It was not an easy task to find a new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you , the least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my opinion many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train , on your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedomn , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
But despite all this there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day so there is a long future for public transport .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationship with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you could n't want to go back again .
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
This could be a drawback because not all the people are up to the task .
Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from lack of privacy .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
In my opinion everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
Everything that goes on in the famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
For these kinds of people it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
When you clock out at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in an organisation of this month 's concert .
I hope you find it useful as I did last month .
I 'm writing to tell you about my experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
It was really awesome !
As a volunteer I was helping make meals for VIP guests .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sounding , VIP - escort .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me know how it goes .
All the best .
We are living in a digital age .
Nowadays almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
However , Facebook , as well as many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and assume it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
The Soviet Union collapse has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
It has also influenced the international relations not just within post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to its peak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
The American press summing up the era of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New York Times wrote .
The plotters have immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend the democracy .
Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world governments and international communities .
Boris Yeltsin has gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
Also it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
In the Washington Post the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
REPORT
As requested I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
MUSIC
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love the Opera .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a world wide spoken language be ?
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and therefore the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone which might not be easy to accomplish but it would be possible .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others so the world language will be established everywhere .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different ways of political leadership .
On the one hand there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance the aboriginal people .
Anyway , , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with the nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
Is it really that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
I hold an opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
Yes , they are right in saying so and in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
It is clearly seen that there is still much room for survival for public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Greenhouse gases have already posed grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
But how about the future further far away ?
Maybe .
Like our ancestors would have never imagined that we can now fly in the sky by plane .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we can never predict how far it can go .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we can go there in a split second .
Hi Harry
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
The bill will be assumed by us .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concern .
All the best
To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
They are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness make us look at the world around us through different eyes , and also they let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing question due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes but we can always learn something useful from them .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Are you ok ?
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you get out of the airport you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
Get it ?
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weather .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
KIT and let me know about your journey !
Mich
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and saving mathematical equations .
In the following essay I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society of consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge about - personal finance .
Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
Both of them are skills which help managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Jake is a free lance .
He uses to travel from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
let him reach his working meeting always on time .
During winter Brussels might be quite cold .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
He was able to reach the South by a connection flight from Rome .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had thought .
Jake 's main challenge was to move around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
Towns are congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
Stress - it makes your life easier since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows to be the most efficient way to travel !
Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , this is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
Therefore , it all comes down in this writing to expressing feelings about Seville and its surrounding .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
Luckily , this has not been the case so when it comes to Seville .
For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively which cheers me up and relaxes me .
For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places such churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in the past .
On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
It 's great to get some news from you .
If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Switzerland is a small country also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
Therefore , I suggest you to work during your travelling time .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer a work permit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
What if she was in trouble ?
What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to get into the bungalow .
He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
-There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
How rude of you !
There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
She must be here .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
Unless ...
The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
- I must find her before he does it .
She could be in danger .
Tris sighed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
First of all , the public transport is obsolete .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
Travelling by car gives you independence .
You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
You can choose when you would like to go .
Finally you can choose who would travel with you .
Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
I can not find the reason .
This show is particularly good as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
I am writing to complain about the suggested bar on smoking in public areas .
I am very concerned about this proposal , for a number of reasons .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
In the first place , few people did know about this law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
If this happened in caf? Noir , probably I could lose my job .
This would appear to be a better solution .
Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying B.A. Anglistik and economics .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon noticed that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
I can speak English and of course German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning ? oh my !
The good thing is : the rest of the time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
I 'm so excited !
Sarah
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am a 23-year - old student in a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
There is no sport like football .
It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we involve in with the intention to win .
This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
If you play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
Moreover , footbal is a physical game .
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you leap , run , kick .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
It is a sport that develops no only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set a match .
Please , find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and can keep using as a guide .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
Yours sincerely ,
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate study , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
Beyond my academic disciplines , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
Besides , I have undertaken an internship at the HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
The streets , the caf?s and the people formed a beautiful picture .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
In the next following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
And we had only water when we were thirsty .
During these 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
But it made my legs sore every night .
This is kind of the real vacation for me .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I can enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
When I am there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
As the day goes on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
When I finished the high school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming for a long time .
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company which has given me a lot and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
Dear sir / madam ,
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especially for my English and being away from home .
Until next summer I will still be in school but hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
Once I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
I hope to hear from you soon !
Kind regards ,
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Finally it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
Another rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
On the other hand , on Facebook people can share pictures , v?deos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a v?deo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
During our dating he was very charming and attentive .
He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss just to have some love moments .
For example , while women think about millions things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
But in my opinion this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink if those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her cursed .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't aloud to since so long .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
- I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
People are advised to carpool and travel to work places .
Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but in future they may not have a choice .
It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
They meet by chance and started a tortuous relationship as friends .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and not surprisingly finally they fall in love .
I strongly recommend you to go and see the film .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
Music
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
They enjoy both local bands ' production and some foreign songs .
About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
Except classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
Clothes
Most teens tend to create their unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
Conclusion
Hello Sarah !
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out from his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
And guess what ...
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at convenient time .
I am very sorry but I can not accept this !
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghosts .
His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
I found this movie both exciting and emocional , both thumbs up for me !
Funding proposal
The Club has many social and cultural programs .
We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
Benefits for the students
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
For example , with every film seen our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
We also believe the college benefits from our Club .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thusly , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
The lightning in shops is obnoxious .
I 'm not able to find any nice gears .
Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the end I 'm livid and exhausted .
The way Easter and specifically Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
2 .
The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
3 . L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more nervous .
He decided to take the stairs and so he did .
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without going out of home .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not do .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is important motivating the young people to do physical exercise .
School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
I could not be more excited to join my friends .
I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
By the time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself in it .
I knew that skating is the thing I want to do for the rest of my life , the thing I want to tell people about when they ask me what your favorite thing to do is .
I kept trying to know more about skating .
I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they have different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
I realized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skating .
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it is aggressive skates .
This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I was impressed .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were vising from a different city .
We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
They started to put small cones in one line with a bit of space in between .
I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth and eyes .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything worth trying just to be able to skate again .
I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn it on ice in one month .
It was just a matter of balance .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it has been one of the biggest and busiest port in the world .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
Graffiti on the wall and small lane ways create a punky ambient .
A variety of selections from different brands are available .
I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
I ca n't suffer even a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
Is he feeling bored ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
I once told a friend , " You know ?
He 's very friendly .
Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
I 'm kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
I was always having things to do .
Just being with him is enough .
Like art it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
Often people , who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
Secondly , art as well as advertising is such a large part of our everyday lives .
It is art .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
Visual advertising like painting uses color , value , space and line .
There are principles of design .
There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
Now advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Advertising has similarities with the art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
On her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped into her .
And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
It was his turn now .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My article is about a class play .
It consists of eight part : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for doing a play and A few final thoughts .
Writing the play : first , you may ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Students must learn their lines by heart .
The most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
Reasons for doing a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
For example , if people know that by using bus and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
This is another critical step .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
This is an additional important step .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and r?sum? ) .
So far , I have recieved excellent grades in all sabjuects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
Encoled you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges that come my way .
For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhance by earning a degree at your university .
I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and of course , you need to know the highway code .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of bicycle paths .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
How are things ? I get your message last week .
I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
It was a great experience .
First of all , I met many people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
during the concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
I was working with two people and we were to check two thousand tickets !
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
We were cleaning over 8 hours !
On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
It was fantastic to take a part in that enterprise .
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
Kinga
I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
It said that I was now one of them .
I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
I went into the tiny shop and the shop keeper looked through me .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside ecstatic .
A second later a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
I thought it was the perfect moment and at the speed of light I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
I walked forwards and stared at the shop keeper .
" Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
He yelled angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
" Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his feet .
The boy began to mourn .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
That was the first crime I comited and here I am now , in jail .
This text lead us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
In a few sentences we can get an idea of what it is .
I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
Meanwhile you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning it would n't be so thrilling .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 ?
Hello ,
Today it is fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
On the one hand there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
Best wishes
Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they do not longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
Furthermore mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home which means a lot of stress .
Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsably , according to one 's personal needs .
I recently saw a film called Passengers .
It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
But they were wrong .
The first 30 years all was going good , but suddenly something bad happened .
These guy was called Mark and he was engineer .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong ..
He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
The first 2 years all was perfect until the day number 734 .
She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
She picked me up to her house .
I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new?-
That 's exactly what he began doing .
He send an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
He did trust the company , but not that much for them to know everything he thought .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
He loved the idea to descend to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
It needed to be this way .
The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mi?sk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
What happens to the rubbish
The local government of Mi?sk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases they are completely neglected .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedient .
The situation with household litter looks much better rather than what happens on the streets of the city .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option to transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
Secondly , having a car implies different costs to be afforded .
For example , cars require petrol to function .
I was getting really bored .
I had to stand because we were shifting our house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
Suddenly the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actually took me there !
I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
Sale promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks sales promotions provide .
For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for the position of a volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Dear reader ;
I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music and watching films and series .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps around the USA .
I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
All of this abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
With any new course , there are some certain expectations one will have .
Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design is purely just creating new products .
I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
It can be seen in many aspects ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system to creating the whole new product .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water about producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and lure the attention from other group members .
Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is the point that I have never considered before in a design process .
This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
1 ) What are your education degrees ( ex .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
Have you worked within international companies ?
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked within international companies , both in Spain and Venezuela .
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
8) Why are you interested in this position ?
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive manner , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
In today 's world , due to the fact the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster way of transport .
After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable alleviation solutions .
It will examine responses including the recycling water , the development of technology about purifying ocean water and multinational sharing about water resources .
Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve water scarcity problem .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routine is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
In this way , those states of drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and global environment .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the discharge of adrenalin .
When you are sitting on the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hunging and your arms crossed ? It makes an indescribable impression on you .
As you can imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if you want to take it up .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use during the acting .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light as well as the film actor .
The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body languages as much as film actors .
The only thing that differs is that film actor has several takes opposed to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Furthermore people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
There are some disadvantages of banning cars .
For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits a freedom of choice .
Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
In addition , using this identification may assist parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on a video - therapy , which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
All in all , if you want to read about an effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
He will deal with temporarily disabled people who come for a rehabilitation session every other day .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception about their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
Tom has prepared a set of questions to ask .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity will not be revealed .
He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
Brands - pay more for better quality ?
We all know the situation , when we are in supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no name products .
Most of the consumers said , they would buy brand products .
When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
Only the brand and the good marketing makes it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
It is like " Everybody has it , I need it too ! "
In some cases it may be true that brand products are better than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
Brand and good quality are not always the same .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust on advertisements .
My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
Hi !
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
The underground it 's in the airport and it 's very easy to reach because you just have to follow the signs .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right out of the station waiting for you !
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
See you soon !
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential at any place .
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially the crowded places .
Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
Also , that make them do their jobs efficiently .
Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanish , seventeen years old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
I saw this advertisement on a web site and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help preparing some sweets for children .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat .
English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
Best regards .
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
It will be awesome !
Lastly I hope next year will bring some stability .
While I do not wish top continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of clientel .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
He closed the window not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
Suddenly the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
" Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
By a wide definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn .
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and appreciate and get significant influence from them .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in the European modern history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city as it is nowadays .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speechs of the leaders .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
Because no revolution is worthier than a human life .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam in this course would be on July 5th .
As you know I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise I will be taken off the university register .
To be honest I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
Sorry again for all those circumstances !
Best wishes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
I was placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing a double role of legal consultant and sub - manager , when I was only 22 years old .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
I profoundly comprehend the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , giving the increasingly requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in an international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome aimed .
Man has evolved over the years , since the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem originated and took its place .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations from Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color , known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination from one race to another .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all , it was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
As usual , he decided to sit on the bar and order some fish and chips .
She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it we should definitely stop using cars .
Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples for this .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to better future .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
It is a fight for the better and healthier future .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
Thank you for this conversation .
See you in a few days .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and it 's obstacles .
" he said taking a pill . "
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
Before the death of his dearest Mona .
His anxiety caught up to him every now and then but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
I agree with the fact that as soon as your life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a move .
In my opinion I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening during approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities were they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time consuming .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them are my colleagues .
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
It gives me the feeling that most important of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activate pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
Yes , she should accept this proposition .
Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
She really did .
As he did when she was hurt .
He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
BUt it was okay .
She took the bus and went to the office .
The director was waiting for her .
And she was ready .
Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
The dark clouds above the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hell like existence .
Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
Could bliss we found in dead ?
Had he seen it all ?
He leaned over and grabbed the object .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
All the people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
Also they always support me no matter what I do or think .
Usual friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends has , and they fulfill them even better .
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of accident .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't damage global warming although it is expensive to afford .
No , it is not rational because according to the economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , than the consumer must use more of good X. When you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
She must be irrational .
This reference is for Tom Black who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years for both personal and professional reasons .
With reference to his work experience , he has worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
After this , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationships skills .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
Best regards ,
I am extremely interested in prosperity of your company and distribution of your goods all over the world .
Since then I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
That is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertising .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
Many people linked and bought my hand - made toys .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
What is more , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
Nos I am studying German .
I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
I work as accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
At the same time he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade long career .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
Take your time and make a plan .
Look up on the Internet how to execute the exercises properly .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of the Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; instead the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted lst week in our school .
NEW FACILITIES
However , there are some defficiencies that could be fixed .
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students of a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
Not only the bedrooms are rather small , but also are they quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
There are also numerous complaints in regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
It will be advisable to change the catering service .
CONCLUSION
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend with each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
However if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
How 's school going ?
You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
Yours sincerely
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measure we know .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
It 's time to bring the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Introduction
New teaching approaches
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will be also beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
Recommendations
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
Hi Katie ,
Thanks for writing !
I hope you are well .
They might not be a good idea .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
The metaphor is the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
.
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
The place remembers the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
Many of us live in a hurry .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from the morning to the night .
We must keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at home , and , at the same time , keep holding our social life and entertainment activities .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure and routes .
Every day the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
only then can you really start to speak .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
i find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any more time !
Get speaking English now !
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least is not demonstrable .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore can not be used as an opposite example .
To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
In the 19th century for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
For Lombroso exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
They prefer classes with lecture and almost no discussion .
This will enrich your personality .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this was disadvantage but this was not true .
On one day we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole was from Nigeria .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
This experience taught me that it is better ti participate in a class with open discussion because it provide you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
That is why every university should offer such classes .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
with reference to your job announcement I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
Being ranked in the Michelin 's guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
I love to serving customers and to dealing with different and complex situations .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide them .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Alex ,
It 's an excellent idea , of course we should go , I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
They 're awesome !
He stared at the clock hanging in the wall and frowned .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising up , as it had been happening for the last few days .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do anything to avoid it .
Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental living skills , on which their progeny count .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people of different living styles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn continuously influence every member .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others no matter who you are .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
I have .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf it totally engaged me !
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat !
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
I was wrong only about one thing : I had loved it long ago .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by skin but my heart .
We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - C?diz .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near at hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
Like in all the seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
I remember children , running about the small squares in fronf of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind heart is too vivid to forget .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
On the one hand the old one could be hard wired into your brain .
There are an incredible amount of things to learn .
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own .
It can be hard and it has its downsides .
Monroe Training Solutions
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
Victoria Rosie Skye
Department of Economics
1239 Adelaide Road
Vancouver
We raised a ? 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance our event .
We would like to say thank you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
Joanna Little
Is change always good ?
No change , no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
No change , no Nature .
To stop the change is impossible That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
The smallest work changes the environment .
Any decision changes future .
Life is change .
Think of those Chinese women obliged to constrain their feet .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
Nature is also change , but in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons ? , in short , the wheel of life .
We lived in a time of accelerated changes .
Shopping is very important for people .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk and crowds of customers everywhere .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising stupid stuff .
However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
Actually , this is a wrong idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest in SkillSelect .
I would appreciate it if you could send me necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , timeframes and charges as well .
I graduated from the University with specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
However now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
Yours faithfully ,
The European Union is created and meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
" I realized about this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
Hello , Alison !
I 'm glad to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
He had a long day ahead of him .
He was always doing things for them or anyone who asked him .
Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
His first stop was the car garage where he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
How about Red Square ?
It is one os the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only , this word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
What is cultural literacy ?
Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
Cultural literacy is Knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .
The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
Also you can be understood by other cultures .
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
That really gets on my nerves .
The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball players the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
Some people claim that the youth of today is less healthy than they were two decades ago .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
However , possibilities to make the youth healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
Good thriller movies have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good , in fact it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
Contemporarily , the most wide - spread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
Any one who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10 000 hours of training .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
Either of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
This research project will provide us with better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approach to explore and investigate clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
Dear John ,
In the morning we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
My first night here I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
To me he is greater than any rock star squared .
First of all , let me introduce myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educational centres .
I am quite enthusiastic about being with kids .
I have a great character .
I am an excellent cook .
I am quite good at organising sport events and games .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
Students always love the activities I design for them .
They have so much fun !
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
I am aged 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
That makes them more educated .
In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
However , I 'm interested & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I was looking for a change as well as more personal burgeon .
There is a place , in my country , which played a very important role during World Ward II .
But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 of 40 years ago .
Cars are a good way of saving time especially when waiting for public transport , mainly , buses .
On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and safer .
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place , therefore we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - teaching process .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
But in the near future most of us will have to deal with it and therefore be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
It 's great to hear from you !
Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job , there are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
I 'm looking forward to see you soon !
Felipe
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowledge .
The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
What did I like most about this course ?
How could the course be improved ?
This also gives the pupils the possibility of presenting their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
The best manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique style .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high tech design and exclusive brands .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
Xem th?m
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
Th?ng Tin T?ng Qu?t
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
AIESEC members live an integrated development experience .
This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
Why people become homeless ?
One of the reasons is they are poor because they can not get a job .
However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
He decided to join the class .
Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
Little by little , he grew interest in working .
He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
Now I will discuss both sides .
But what are the results of global warming ?
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and now , it will be blown away by the wind .
In both animals and people are affected .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
Michael grew bitter .
He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
It was empty ...
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to gain a job .
However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academic institution .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
Thereby , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
Scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has ability to deal with problems in fairway .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon the formal qualification in future .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is to be advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
Because not may people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
Most of these buses will make many stops which makes it even more time consuming .
In the end of the day you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga especially in Sindh province has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
Frist of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it put a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of the perfect life and the people in the undeveloped areas are strving .
I think that it would have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people 's great and then vigorously develop the economy .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government but also the task of each of us .
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
I am in my final year of high school which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
I have been told that I am quite good with children .
Since I worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
I started shouting as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
After a while I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I felt relieved .
Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to make sure that I have a fully charged mobile with me .
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris where I studied political sciences and international management .
After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
I had worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
In this way I have to some extent developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
I would be grateful if you could attend this matter as soon as possible .
Regards ,
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
I got into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
From that moment on , my life changed forever .
Crazy Grandma
Grandparents are the best .
Since grandpa passed away I started loving my grandma even more .
She does amazing things .
I admire her very much .
That woman knows how to put a smile on kid 's face .
Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrofying at night .
She has a really skinny body , and her hand are long and covered in brown spots .
It calmes me down and freaks me out at the same time .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
Reality is killing me .
I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
It is creepy feeling .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
I know she is ill .
But I never thought that it can be that serious .
She might be crazy , but I love her .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect of them to achieve .
Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really happy to tear them a smile !
Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without destination !
What do you think of my plan ?
Thank you for your advice , kisses !
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbid him meeting with friends .
When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party but nobody knew what happened .
His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more flexible to new environment and keen to accept new challenges .
Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she will leave all the people that she cared about .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and live with that was something she was not willing .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
She thought that she could have done things different , but it was too late to change them .
I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
In addition , as a mother of 8 and 12 years old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
Besides , while being as an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I have improved my English speaking and communication skills .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
And I am confident that I would be a beneficial member of your summer camp team .
Looking forward to your reply , please feel free to ask me any questions .
Best regards ,
Mrs Kashubina
But then , every once and a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
I have been asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
Those are my findings and my recommendations .
This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
- The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
It was renewed last year and regulars like it a lot .
Kids have to pay 10 euros just for the entrance getting anything else .
- There is another place where local youth spend a lot of hours the new and magnificent mall .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast food shops .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work again with children .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
An individual must be aware of the result of his act on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in order to maintain it in healthy state .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed off in the same bin .
Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed - off in respective bins .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers as well in the meeting that was scheduled in a weeks time .
In the following meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone will be planting a tree that will be provided by the municipal board for free .
On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized , they started adding beauty to our town .
The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job in educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that way .
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that , he thought it would be better to forget about it so he stopped thinking about his dream .
That day Michael had to go to work , so he woke up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
When he was ready he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
When he arrived at the building where he worked he took the elevator and when to his floor .
Since he had entered the building he have had a strange feeling , when he arrived to his office Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would like first to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which very close to our cost .
Thank you and best regards ,
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
However , they stopped us from doing many fun things as well , what are those things , do we really need computers , are they really helping us ?
To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
But us , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
We made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes , if we do n't communicate we go insane .
Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
Also looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
Computers made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
To whom it may concern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Lucila Marcelo and I have met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her sympathy and kindness .
In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
When we worked at the kindergarten she was very patient and caring with the children and also she was willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied had work for her .
I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by them , who would spend a great time with her .
Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
Yours faithfully ,
To the Italian education authorities
In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
The current situation
Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
Conversely , grammar schools extremely focus on theory .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
I think that problem should be addressed .
Suggestions
What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences also in grammar schools , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
Subjects that should be taught at school .
Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology like computer programming is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students future success .
It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
It is evident that technology is in every aspect of our lives .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any school serious programme .
I consider them as my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor 's episode where they auditioned .
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
That fascinating album surprises not only the variety of subjects but also the strength of instrumental sounds .
The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
False alarm , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of wealth of musical instruments .
Musically satisfying ' Happy in my heartache ' tells the story of tragic love .
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
When the exam was finished , he went out the room where the competition had been held .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I noticed that the first malfunction was safety lock which demanded applying of great force .
We discovered that another problem when tried to use the blender .
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
As a solution he offered that upgrade my model to a better and this too will take two weeks .
Yours faithfully ,
Besides as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I take part in a soccer club in university , consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
It is true , that water sports are not the most usual there , however , I enjoy practising them every summer on the beach .
Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to de fact that you ought to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention in a constant activity , my sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to maintain their attention .
If you offer me the chance to join your team , you shall not be disappointed .
Government build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
However , I disgree with this idea .
On one hand , it is enviornmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers while a car can only contains 4 to 5 people totally .
Compared with cars , public transport has larger capability of conveying , which saves space and costs less .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel , which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive to unknown instead of negative and retreating , all these are the main reason why the humankinds can keep improving .
Transferring these knowledge and experiences to young people is the meaning of education .
If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance to be successful , we 'll never have people such as Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
Truly that knowing one 's limit is the first step of bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
It 's not smart to encourage people doing what exceed their ability .
Nevertheless , the ability of identifying limit of oneself can be best learned from experiences .
One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
The responsibility of the educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of he / she is good at ?
Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealthy , fame or power .
They might not be the top , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such situation they can provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein has said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue field of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of the educational institutions .
Contribution
The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " which is airing about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research which makes it more reliable than other news programmes .
Moreover they try to be interesting for all ages so they post on facebook and twitter as well which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
The way they present themselves in the media and the well funded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
Although I am rarely watching the show on TV I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring nes so vivid interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany you should definitely try out this interesting news programme .
Dear Emma ,
How is it ?
Do you get along with your superior ?
Last summer I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
It was amazing !
We 'd make jokes and chase each other with the brooms , trying to smack the other on the head .
The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the newest films .
We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write soon !
Love ,
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
A crazy idea came to his mind .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
People have only one life , not more ! "
At that moment he was pretty sure what to do now .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
After 10 minutes a resignation letter was ready to bring it to Michael 's boss .
He arrived on the company as quickly as the crowded London 's streets allowed him .
" I need to talk to boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
It all took about 3 minutes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly where we are getting into .
There was no way to shine a different light to that fact .
He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer so he entered the living room and told her .
The words coming up from his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically as he realized that there was no turning back .
The relieve of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden but it was far too late .
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football and this sport in no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until go to university , even some of them still need to study them in the university .
A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled in mathematics .
This essay will discuss the differences and similarities for learning a language and learning mathematics .
The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read variety of overseas book to increase their reading and writing skills .
In general , studying a language focuses more on a large account of individual effort and little talent .
However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing in a mass of examples .
However , there are some similarities for those two subjects .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even the ways are different .
People need to spend a huge account of time on doing exercise after class .
Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentence or exercises .
It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their study .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
However , the young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
She did not suspect that it will be such a wonderful evening .
As soon as Anna and her friends came into restaurant everything started to go perfect .
The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
She jumped for joy .
Thank you so much ! ' .
She started to dance with double Presley , laugh and appreciate every single minute .
As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Presley .
She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
But immediately she realize that it was one of her friends ' tricky plan and she started to laugh with them .
After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she will never forget what they did for her .
The Alhambra
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kinddom in my country .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the word .
How are you doing ?
I 'm sure you do know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
Security guards had a lot of work to do but thanks to them we stand a chance to deal with other problems , as for example regulating the quality of sound .
A band was playing , we were enjoying music and it seemed that there will be no more complications .
What you actually think in such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
Take care , Paul .
Adam
Hi Paul ,
I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
The perfect one !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tyding after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and generally speaking - helping .
I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
He 's a really nice guy , during the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
The salary is nice too .
Last time it was for example delivering my drunk boss home ;)
I have to go now .
Arek
Why have I killed him ?
He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
The police was gon na come in any time .
He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
They grabbed the body and soaked him on fuel .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
Later , when they were sure that there were no one near they burned the car .
The killers partner felt guilty for a moment but then the killer told him : ' He earned it .
Saddly the police found out that it was them .
A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an elegible bachelor and his friends set up home in a close mansion .
In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
Therefore dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am 45 years old man and I have plenty of experience in working with people .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam I am currently working hard to fulfil the goal very soon .
Above all I am interested in films .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of them such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of the people about movies and push them up to share their particular point of view .
As far as the job is concern working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
We believe that fair play is a very important topic because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
Kind regards ,
I love to write .
It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
Our mind is always full of thoughts .
But all these are addressed through writing .
I have written many poems , few articles and even a few stories .
Am I the same person who wrote this ?
Other than myself , I have had few people reading what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussions in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
Friendship is overall an acto of will .
A friend is a treasure , as the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover pays special attention on times of crisis .
This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy themselves with my success .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also place a lot mystic connections with this painting .
The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
Without the interference of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
They could get into our computers and steal our information .
They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
Nobody wants to have their private data to be exposed to the eyes of the government .
This brings me to the next issue .
The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
It is fine the way it is right now .
Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
Is there something that makes us unique ?
Or are we a product of our own lives ?
Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as well as some diseases and mental disorders .
Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
This provides evidence that life experiences and surrounding where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
So , to conclude we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which the strongest is in each case .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
It was fun to read as always .
I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
First , I think about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other ? special effects ? would you recommend ?
I completely rely on your taste as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no clue what to do with the ceiling .
The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
I hope I do n't bother you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
Natasha
CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
Since the technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
The most common answer would be probably the plane .
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
Travelling on a boat for sure is a great adventure .
During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and making fun .
I wish I could travel every day .
The trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a course that took 18 hours driving straight , surely very few people would consider it convenient .
The convenience has litlle to do with the fate of public transport , countries with high HDI(convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport system , and they are even boosting it .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and change us to some labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argetina .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already work with kids , especially at teaching and having fun .
As I have alrealdy said , I play sports that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
If you get to hire me you wouln't regret it .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
Besides , The images can be slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection manually .
After that , good quality sheets and bank notes separated from partially damaged sheets will be packaged and distributed .
The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
Water sports :
Winter sports :
There are lots of ski stations with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
When there is n't any race you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
Conclusion :
To sum up I think that if you want to do exciting sports Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do another activities or go on interesting places .
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies , they were beautiful and flawless , the scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished , the men started crying .
Jack , was arguing with an officer about Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and in that moment ? Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag , they were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave , in that way their friends would find him buried , but they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it was exactly the same thing he was dreamed about .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him , they had used some weapons from The King of the Sky , they got into the room and started shooting while Michael was unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting , all her body parts were scattered on the floor , he did n't care about and flew with the others .
Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
When they arrived at mainland , Jack woke up , there was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach ?
Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Hence , it is not possible to do job and study side by side .
Occupation and education disturb one another .
I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
I will elaborate points to support my opinion in the further paragraphs .
Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do a part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expenses of their child 's education .
Resultantly , they put their children into some labor so that they can earn money for the family .
But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring education .
With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
Mrs Kate Ashby
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I write to you to express my interest to apply for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
I believe I am a good fit for this task since I had previous experience working in similar jobs .
I am good at dealing with people .
Moreover , I have education in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
How did this happen ?
The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
Was it the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
Was it at the invitation to the wedding three weeks ago ?
How far back could it possibly go .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Nor could I have conceived after having multiple people help calling the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the test for something more serious were all negative .
Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
I 'll say yes .
I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
I think I would be fit for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
I can speak English since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , an Italian 15-year - old teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
So , I do n't find difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up with the kids ' world .
This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
My goal I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grewn up .
Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I love taking care of kids .
My mom has a kindergarden and I love helping her out .
Every summer I help my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp of babies and I would like to work wth older children because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any placeacross th US .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
I hope to get this job because I have been waning it for a very long time .
Regards ,
Bridget Payne
Dear Paul ,
Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
At first I had to be involved in it a month before the event was started .
so I was handing leaflets everywhere .
I had to move it from place to place along with boys from the group .
One thing leads to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
If you will ever have an opportunity to help by this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Johanna ,
If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
You have always wanted to be policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your opinion ) so you must be very fit since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
Sport is something essential to get this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a month ) .
Moreover , you wrote to me that you have started to give lessons about guitar so you are not going to be isolated from music and it goes on playing an important role in your life .
My cousin , who is studying English Literatura , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything importanthas been wiped clean .
At night , the maze grinds shut .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
The book ends devastating final twist .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and simply a human being with various roles in life who has been million times happy and million times unhappy .
Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth since I have never seen him alive . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and surrounding I live in .
He is special .
I like his humor , because he is able to make me smile .
I adore his imagination because he is able to kidnap you on a cloud to a never never land .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me although he is not a teacher .
But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
He is the man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
Well , it 's all right .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He does not love me as a woman !
I do n't believe in the friendship between the man and the woman .
There will always be some kind of sparkling either alluring or repulsing .
He rose up my own enslaved desires .
I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
And I am left to love without any support .
What if it breaks me down ?
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
All the men are .
He forgets of everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
As I wrote before it was not that easy to make the argument with him .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
He did his best to calm me down .
I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
So I asked him what his favourite sport is .
He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
I pondered this many times .
However , I am not that crazy to marry the man whom I not know in real life .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Thank you , Kyle .
" Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
Yellow the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
To : The Chairperson
Date : 13th September 2014
As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental condition within my town .
Recycling
Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
Public Transport
Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to induce citizens to travel more by means of public transport , in the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transport of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which they reside .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fire ant nest they would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
In severe cases it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
Fire ants threaten more than human health .
We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
Moreover , it is a profitable task if they make up new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns to poor countries .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding of one person in one day .
They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still getting out of the cimena thinking " I have to see it again " .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this live loving tragic / comedy it 's about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of the nazims in the Italy of Mussolini .
He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosu? did n't realise what it 's really going on around him .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as director to deal with such delicate topic like Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line bettween comedy and drama .
The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , delicate plus to this masterpiece .
Life is beautiful was recipient of numerous awards including three Oscars as for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
See , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear even if you think you need to give up .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
Second , the theme is outdated , and developing new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
I obviously agree that nowadays technology is necessary .
So , the schools and the educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
Technology does not imply a new instrument to be taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
In fact , using technology without changing the contents would be a total failure .
In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools the 19th century knowledge .
Thus , there must not be a technological revolution but an educational one .
To the Mayor
I am writing to express my concern about the smoking ban new law .
On top that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to .
There were not enough police to go round checking any public place .
This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
We will talk about a technology that might soon disturb the world .
The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing then producing then consuming .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them cheaper the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now , you would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
Looking at it through a broader scope , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would get accommodated .
This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; less production cost allows the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produce at better quality too .
I can still recall the day Cathy and I brought Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
I miss Casino so much .
He changed my attitude toward dogs : Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
Ever since I met him , I stopped feeling frighten when facing big dogs , and even started to play with them .
I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself as polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
Besides , working in popular restaurants enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , plus learning about a wide variety of international food and dishes .
Celeste Arenas
I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A on the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
I also have been helping a nine years old kid with his math homework .
I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
I am hardworking as well .
I also love playing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
I always try so hard to not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
After a Year ?
And you can never really say a teacher in the mountain is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after having known that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
But after a year , I was all wrong .
In fact , being a teacher in the mountain is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
In here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - the lessons that do not only help me improve my teaching profession but also help me become the right person of my ministry .
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know to ourselves that we care for each other .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
And it 's all that matters .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountain .
Every day I got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students even beyond what the meaning of such word can express has been dramatically instilled in me .
And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep to myself forever .
These stories once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
I have more than enough reason to do that - and they are again , my students .
The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimonies that in Gala I have found a home ? and a family to love , really for real .
I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Yours faithfully ,
Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms to learn English .
What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
Next I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
As I have said , I have been learning English by the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition about my level .
What do people think about teenagers ?
Why rather negative ?
Lots of people think , that teenagers are stupid , have a small knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
In my opinion we should n't think like that .
But most of teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or erderly people .
At school , at home they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents in difficult tasks like psychical problems , give them tips .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
This way you do not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
Secondly , I can catch the the narrator'semotions .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about loss of qualitiy of photographs and pictures .
When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I always remember .
The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sat on the sand .
After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
Despite it was very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where freed it .
We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to come back to Bali to see it again .
Visiting their own country certainly has its advantages .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
At that moment I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family but fortunately it was n't so .
The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
The main character , Walter Mitty , works in a well - known magazine " Life " as a manager of photo negatives .
One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever made .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them true , this story is definitely for you .
You will find there a parking area and some ball courts , and on further exploration , just after the courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
Day , date and season dictate the ever interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the exterior tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread , in a try to avoid his nephew 's death .
All it occurs during the first part of the film .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
Cars are improving , becoming safer and environment friendlier .
Also , cars get more affordable in many countries .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
My mother likes watching soap operas on tv and she got me hooked onto this new tv show - iknmp .
The lead actors were well known tv stars .
The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
The couple have 4 kids and after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
The dad , who is a cardiologist moves to US and starts a new life there .
The mom on the other hand decides to stay back and works hard to give her children a decent life .
The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
Although not very practical , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and at the same time teaches the importance of women being independent and able to lead life on their own .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing of the new products and materials , the new way of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business process to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit to the possibility to be an entrepreneur .
However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine behaviour of entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
In the test were accessed the answers and I was found out as a person that has high control appeal meaning that I have great leading skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
In the motivation part I also received high score in need of challenges as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
Nevertheless , in the test I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than it was required for being an entrepreneur .
As I found out there were two problems about lack of points .
The first one was based on profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
For instance , it can be the social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose journey by train a fact that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much present vision of house will change in the future .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future all homes will be like that ?
Built by using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
There has been major changes regarding the teaching approach in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we possibly could see this more clearly .
However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T mark the schedule nowadays .
The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
This new outlook on the teaching procedures consists of the use of the so called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the upcoming years .
In the year 2020 there was conflict between Japan and the United states .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damages done , but it was impossible .
I would like to recommend the following movie : " The perfume " .
This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this gender .
First of all , the historical period is the victorian age in France .
Landscapes are really wonderful .
The buildings , dresses , and habits of population are displayed in full detail .
Secondly , we have and amazing script that can be considered unique .
The story tell us the importance of the perfume in all aspects of our lifes .
The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our starring , a poor orphan , which takes advantage of his powerful smell sense to find out new jobs .
We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
The overall rate of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
If people can rent this movie or watch it online I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
The main reason is the convenience of travelling by cars in comparison with using public transport .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits in buying a car instead of using buses or underground every day .
First of all , an automobile gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
For example , driving a car we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music on any volume .
If the car is large enough , it can be even a perfect place for sleep .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
Thus , it is clear that private transport such as automobiles has plenty of advantages .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires much attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can make a serious damage to other people .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make a breakfast .
After aeting delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put the make - up on .
Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything will be alright .
While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
She came down and opened the door - it was her mother .
They hugged and smiled to each other .
As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came up .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
Her mum came to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
It 's your big day .
It was Anna 's wedding day .
Aiming high !
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
One also learns to work hard and disciplined in order to achieve success .
If someone would ask me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practise and if the person enjoys it , he / she can join the club .
Yours faithfully ,
One of my favorite restaurants in M?laga is called Sun and Shine .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative so you feel very comfortable .
All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
In my opinion the salad is the best option , with a big range of types from different countries .
Finally I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
At the end of the evening I worked at the parking lot .
All in all a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
Regards ,
Camille .
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea und just around the corner you will find the stunning lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little private shops selling all types of goods .
If youe are leaving the main roads and turn into the little alleys you will find charming tea rooms and goregeous antique shops with a wide range of ancient goods .
However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
Canada is a nation built of citizen - soldiers .
From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
His death shocked a nation .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Whenever possible I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
Further , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
Sincerely yours ,
Patrick
In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
The best thing about this web is that very easy to use .
First , you have to select the city New York , Barcelona , etc .
The wedding of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelona we went by taxi to the hotel , which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and of course my niece ( the bride ) .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
We all went together to have lunch to a nearby restaurant .
The marriage ceremony took place at a wonderful church , there were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's fathers ' house .
A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
The party continued with a splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away will be a good idea .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the newborn cases of ISIS .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Mass shooting , bombs , hacking into security system can happen any time , any day .
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part time at a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
In their minds , it is all about having fun but is it really what it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
One day in the post , I had an argument with a man who studied in the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
Because of my work , I have to write all the time to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in more effective way .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete with this modern world .
But this is not true .
More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
Many people think that public transport is only for poor and not for rich .
If it continues , no resource will be spared for the future generation .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it depends on each person 's means and learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
People try to skip Good Friday because , there is no feasts in that day .
People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking then talking about a death and a suffering .
They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is easier way to live .
Above all , people are not used to undergo suffering and what is more brutal death .
Nevertheless , people make this compassion tided away , because it is too painful for them to stand that .
It took place about two years ago .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
When we got to the resort we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
After unpacking we left our room to see the rest of the resort .
The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
Since Television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
Since Television was launched to the market it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising , that is way the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so because of the way it presents information and the scope of people it can achieve .
Television can educate in several ways , to mention some : by providing and extending information given in certain curses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged for accomplishing the spread of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable way .
Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I found this advertisement on the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job at hand .
Everywhere I have worked before I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself since I am always occupied with something .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into account .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
Yours faithfully .
This year , I have finished my degree in Mathematics in the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become in teacher .
I also have studied English language for ages and I consider that I have a good level .
Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and be more selfconfident .
I describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person which likes working with children .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
My favorite sport is Football , but it is not a sport that I like to practise it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
I am Brazilian , and as almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
The World Cup is happening now in my country Brazil .
I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , best players of the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good looking players .
I love the World Cup , however i certainly would have preferred if it had been in another country .
Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and pair of glasses will be all you need .
It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
In winter I go to run for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see gaining pounds through the years .
Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my place .
After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer a full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of an efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from the beginning to end .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Team Member Analytical Development .
I am a student in the last semester of the Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
Furthermore I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kind of analytical methods and I could improve my knowledge in this area .
This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advance for considering my application .
Yours sincerely
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a round character .
She is the narrator of the story .
Her outter look seems like a little girl .
Talking from the outter look , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
Scouts character is kind of a tomboy .
She does not like to dress like a lady even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
Instead of celebrating it , she somhow inhibits Scouts learning .
Also when she had trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " Scout beats her up .
Later on Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
To conclude Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
Scout always develops the story .
Dear Ali ,
How are things with you ?
Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
Thanks again for all your help .
On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sleep in and therefore take our breakfast a bit later .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
The most important ones are probably hotchpotches : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of little thick pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
Is this enough information for your project ?
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
All the best with your project ,
Suzanne
There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
This means I can actually go places .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
It was freezing cold and most of the time we
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
I also got sea sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assests people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
One could almost feel the silence .
All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
He has been living in the U.K for the past 20 years .
This was something that could not be argued upon .
He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood protruding from his right hand .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should follow it .
Sufficient to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
Often , it turns out , that purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intend to purchase .
Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing garments .
The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelled one in terms of the discussion it evokes .
The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for the Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
The number of people accessing public transport far outweighs the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes and not reflecting the changing demand .
This trend is likely to continue in the near future .
Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
Further , after you board off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
They are safer and cleaner .
Cars are here to stay .
The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
Summer is great because it 's time to hang up your shoes and relax .
Relatives visit or you can visit them .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
The different colors warm your soul .
Autumn is such a calm season .
The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
You get such a warm feeling .
It 's such a peaceful time .
Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
All of them are special in every way .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
That is why I am writing this letter , to make you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not to ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
Natalia
On the left side I saw my parents , okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
I arrived in New York a four months ago .
Of course I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do audition .
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
My friends and family were there to support me .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
As it is a very common phenomenon between teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabularies or improve your comprensive skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what is the sources of the information told during a tv show , as they might be misleading .
I 'm really into showing you all the interesting places around .
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those few first days when you had to get to know new surroundings .
There is also quite big concert hall where , if you have luck , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
Take care ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
Yours faithfully ,
We believe none of the promises your party made were brought into action .
Security against terrorism atacks were promised to be step up but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
We look forward this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
People are noticing your promises are not going to be made and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of true in your promises .
Yours faithfully ,
Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sways his professional judgement .
Fleming plays his partner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
Both of them share superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that makes your mouth drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethics principles and nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
But it is an improvement to say the least !
Although the size of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium size village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
We can see now international brands we are used to in the UK .
Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
But do not go in !
The old house looked abandoned .
Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
I guess that what goes around comes around !
But not any more .
Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
Maybe he had a mistress .
She had fought to hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship to be ruined just like that .
They met each other nine years ago .
Accident which had been well prepared by her .
So he was her escape .
He was well - off and funny .
He was not stupid but you could not expect any perls of wisdom from him .
They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust found .
Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
She wanted answers and to have them he needs to be alive not dead of heart attack .
" What is going on than ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
So I have found a job " .
Every morning I went to the port and unshipped .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
This should be some kind of joke .
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
Since he was a little boy people around he knew that this child had a strange character .
Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people for beginning a new life .
At the age of twenty years he achieved a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
In this way , he moved to his new neigborhood where everybody respected him .
One day he fell in love with one of his female customers .
Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
Slowly he became illness one more time .
Although he had been trying to hind this , his personal problems were ovbious and Magda did n't feel well with him .
Finally their relationship broke up and Michael fell in his illness deeper than ever .
Three months later Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them , he was totally insane and jealous , he caught an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as strong as he could .
The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael got away to his home .
His insane evil mind go away until his flat .
At that moment everything changed , he reminded his childhood , his recovery and his sane life , then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time , in other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territorry , nothing is better than a car .
Michael has been working very hard , and just seemed to really be over whelmed by all the work he had been carrying out through the course of the month .
Well on this particular morning , Michael seem to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
Needless to say Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk through on all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
How are you feeling ?
You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about it .
I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just relax .
If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be by far more efficient in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
Another thing that it helped me a lot was doing regularly sport near home .
You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit and you 'll feel better .
I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
Take care and do n't let it you down !
Lots of love
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
In the past friends were made when peopleet each other , other than of course pen friends .
Today with technology friends are made at a click of a key be it on social media or mobile devices .
Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
Today with the BFF concept one has a best friend at every nook and corner for different purposes .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
Today friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
Friendship today is friend or friends for each season and reason while friendship of the past has been whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and made me do whatever I wanted to .
For nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in everything by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave as " friends " .
I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that doing parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
The Miracle resort Bangkok ,
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is in my eyes a good idea .
The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club has on the daily life in the hotel .
You can find Kids Club 's Members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
The hotel handles privacy very well and I can guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
If I am lucky I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working on a factory , etc .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
I hope that this adventure goes well because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
You can tell because eyerybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
Who can blame them ?
They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
Frustrated Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of the others .
But one day she collided with this boy .
His name was Michael .
But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
He has not spoken one word to Laura but she followed him around since the incident .
If nobody talks to me than none of you have the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life because if you act like that without knowing me than you do not deserve my attention .
He thought that this was very brave but he had not enough confidence to tell her that .
He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
Good !
We do n't want your attention !
" Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and in any device .
The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
This connection allows them to see through each other eyes , and even control each other movements .
This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes recorded in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religion , and traditions .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank you for your email .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
In JavaScript I have some experience but not in the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other , focused more in design and my usage of code is very limited .
If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requieres time .
What is it about cooking shows ?
The Food Network has become my favourite channel I can tune to it the whole day !
Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my most favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
I really enjoy baking that I often buy books about it .
It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
Particularities of the exchange
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students exchange programme .
I stayed with a local family , which happens to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
His name is John , and like me he is getting a degree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , convinientely placed a few miles away from his house .
I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest free loans , available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teen 's health .
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
There are plenty of free sites with content far from morality ; many computer games impose cruelty .
I wish it would be so !
But getting used to the Internet 's rules of comunication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , make friends in the real world .
For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
Not only that , I was lost for choices as I flipped the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the ones in the menu .
So as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are being stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
Place it in the most visible and strategical point in your room and stick up to it .
Without a mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
Internet changed people 's routine .
We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the times without any aim .
But that 's not the biggest problem .
The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even though old friends .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
Nowadays communication face to face is something rare and most of the times accident .
Dear John ,
Thank you for your enquiry and your interest to come here .
I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
There are't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
There is a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
What impress me the most is a combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
In that building you can find also a small cinema .
It 's really worth seeing .
I hope you will find time to visit that park .
Silesian culture offers a lot so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
Kinga .
Basketball- the best sport ever !
It 's a team gameplay where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
80% of the game is mental , you have to think what move you should do next what the rest of the team is up to .
As well as being a great way to stay fit basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as a few as two people even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
The beauty of this sport is that as long as you got a ball you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he had with Marianne .
Both good and bad .
Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , to which she insisted that it was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things to the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
His mind then thought of their last kiss .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
But at that moment , it ended .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
You have to carry on .
You just have to keep looking .
Nowadays the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve it .
Secondly , many people argue that the society has experienced a great changes in the family life .
Parents work outside the home all day .
Although they want the best for their children sometimes is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with the game machine .
In my opinion , parents should be concerned for their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
You lost your flight and it was a business trip!You're going to get fired ! "
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced on summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
If we had stayed more time we would have been able to spend more time at the shop but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
When the BBC finally announced who was going to play as the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing as the 11th Doctor .
Nobody liked him at first but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention , also I like it because the plot is incredible , something that happened on season one can be connected with some of the last episodes .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experiences of looking after children .
Last year a group of little kids came to university and we had to taught them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
I have just completed a 5 years course in English and I got very good marks .
Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
I 'm ok .
Have you ever travelled by plane ?
Of course , most of westerners already were able to imagine the Globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes in touch with .
' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
- Nelson Mandela I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
Since I was a kid , I have started to think of being a teacher .
That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences for being a teacher in my future pathway .
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
Apart from that , it has been a good practice for speaking .
Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communications between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , it can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages in the university .
It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
Therefore , I have always been willing to be offered the chance to take and English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance pros and cons of having mobile phones present at schools because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated in the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls will be more effective for us .
Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to give a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and uncontrolled .
At the same time they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
A sedentary life style and a poor diet lead of course to overweight .
This is a common issue : in fact juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be the running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
In Milan the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake .
My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
Upstairs , there would be games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could see our favourite films .
First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my bird pet while we go on holidays .
We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key in the reception of the building , you can keep it with you .
I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority in changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there is still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave , this way you wo n't have to worry on going back home to have lunch before going to work .
Samia
Dear Sir / Madam .
I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
Three years ago , I was working as a Spanish teacher in a boarding Australian school .
At the weekends , I carried on a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
With the rise in time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
The human race began from the jungle where he lived amidst the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees and now the journey of human race has come to the same scenario where once again , he is living amidst the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may either collapse due to an earthquake or a terrorist - attack .
I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions of the world .
In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge , however they had a much deeper impact .
They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who time and again circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots for all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
The theorists ascertain that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
They present complex informations so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes a common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
There are several reasons why I support this choice .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
In other words , if parents spoil their offspring then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
I am forty years old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
I used to run summer camps and art 's workshops .
Apart from ability to get on well with people I read a lot .
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Jackson
Date : 25th May 2014 .
The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
Not only does River Boat Disco has its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more then appropriate for this occasion .
Price
The pricing for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
Even though the price is $ 5 smaller for comedy club , it is without food and by the end of the night I do not think there would be much difference .
It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
I would suggest the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also the people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian restaurant is in Mon??o and near the school .
It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
This restaurant is very affordable , the prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for you pizza with or without French fries and a drink for about three euros .
Everyone in the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the clients .
Also everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
Dreaming about future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and the others .
If present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip in the future .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
Year 2064 .
People are living their lives in a way that we would consider it more than shocking .
You 've read it well .
Their houses are floating in the air .
Because of the lack of space , people had come with a brilliant idea of creating these floating houses , they are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
This idea is more than brilliant !
When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like oldtimes .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
This button is called " find me and come to me " .
The name says it all .
The streets look all new and improved .
People are still human beings and act completely normal .
They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
overall , this is an image of the future .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
The school will be close in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
Taking a gap - year before starting a university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
However , the main drawback of such advance is that we now rely more on computers than on our capacities .
Just a few , right ?
Reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing us our own time .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
In my view , we should all riconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I did n't know anything at all .
The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
And finally , as for all , the day arrived .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt a brand new person .
After this event I can cope with everything !
CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects as Arts and Crafts which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
It is interesting to see how the students resort each other looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about CLIL atmosphere .
I am writing to express my interest to the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar servicing .
For last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
All of the bars I worked hosted a night club after 10 PM therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late hour work .
At last , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
I am a bartender who has awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which make them aware of the mistakes they are making .
Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
I fully believe that this combination method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
Let 's start to focus our attention at the pellet stove .
The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower(i.e .
fan ) .
In the first conic part it is possible to feed with the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
This is a pretty compact machine but it 's not very efficient and very clean .
Actually , it produces a high amount of pollution such as ash and exhausted gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove , the difference is that instead of a fan here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it 's nedded a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the pourpose of a fan and a pump it 's the same : move fluid from a point A to a pont B , but in one case you have to move air and in the second case water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Basically the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse littering , if they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep rubbish in small plastic bag ; at home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
It build sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
Among a variety of sports , there is the football also known as soccer .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
Since I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
For example , it contributes to my cardiovascular system .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football as me , are very similar to me in other features .
If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
As you get involved with football and you enroll with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
Despite the fact that We 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
Sara had left our hire - car keys on top of the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
When we were about to leave we realized that there were a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
Wait for me , please ' it said .
We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there were a white car behind us .
Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
We pulled over the main road .
We were really afraid . '
You 've had the wrong keys and the wrong car ' said the man .
As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mistaken car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
We exchange addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
I ended up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madrid where I 've been working there for 20 years .
People seem to be living quiet comfortable lives nowadays .
Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work at home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
However , not everything about the life in the next 50 years will be positive .
Water is already growing scarce over time .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
But with a heavy heart I have to agree with this statement .
Why ?
There might appear a few situations , when shopping instead of joy can bring a headache .
The best example here could be the regular , every - week filling - the - fridge shopping , which in principle can not be pleasant .
Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
The constant grumbling , regular checking the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth it could create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !
In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and spend a great time .
I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment in my High School for two years .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before but I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
The bell rang and all the students left the class .
Ten minutes after I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
-"Michie!Wait for me ! "
Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
Half an hour after I arrived home .
I heard a voice behind me saying :
And I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with slammed the door .
I was feeling confused and bad .
To whom it may concern .
I would like to apply
for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
Cooking is one of my favourite
I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
If I am selected for an interview
I look forward to your reply .
Kind regards ,
Richard Raya
The best sport ever .
Do you practise any sport ?
I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
I would really like to participate as a co worker in this summer camp .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can experience new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
Elisa .
From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
The discovery of electricity has increased our productivity greatly .
Instead of just working during the day , man now could continue working during the night .
People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
I 'm sure the pharaos of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed in a device we hold in our hands .
In the next 50 years , who know what we will be able to accomplish .
Education and technology are deeply related , to a certain extent in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
Although there are many differences among these two , similarities can be found as well .
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
Currently , exist all types of courses via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
Adding to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
Studentd can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
During face - to - face learning students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop inter - personaal skills and coexistence .
When doing a fece - to - face course besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
Consequentlu , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
Assessing these similarities and differences each student has the option to choose the option which better suits in his lifestyle .
Unfortunately there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run along the 7 kilometres perimeter or cycling open air while looking at the swans .
In this area you can find many facilities such as two swimming pools , a tennis and a volleyball court .
People can also try canoeing at the local school or the water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you on the water .
It 's really fun !
For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all equipment .
If you too have got a dog and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
There is a good example involving developing countries , which economies have been successful due to being the most opened to free trade , and countries with a low economic growth , that closed themselves off to international trade .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems to local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way survived local companies may get stronger than ever .
And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to European common market set up after World War II .
He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed a loyalty program .
The choice of telecommunication industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analysis ( multivariate and SEM ) .
An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
In many parts of the world football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
There are many worldwide international competition of football .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup organized by F?d?ration Internationale de Football Association .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
The next World Cup takes place in Russia 2018
The star I admired most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pel? , is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
There are many reasons as football is my favorite game .
Holidays are mostly about relaxing therefore I disagree with always trying new things .
In my mind , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
On the contrary to the subject I disagree having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure reading novels which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity all the while keeping me safe and comfortable .
A review about medieval Turkey .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
Their acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
Foreign language learning in my country
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
Languages people learn
There are many languages people in my country learn , but English would be the most popular as it is a world wide language .
Who learns languages in my country
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach at schools instead of giving private lessons .
Dear Mr Williams ,
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
Are they all qualified teachers ?
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
example , is there _ park or cinema nearby ?
I look forward to receiving your reply .
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life
In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
Being sedentary and eating fast food will not bring them anywhere .
The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
Publis transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
The Youtube advertisement means the viewers have to be enforced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video in Youtube .
Trivago ' .
Many of them try to plan the cheapest way for their trip include booking the worthiest hotel .
If they aware the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use this as they could spend less time to compare all the hotels .
Moreover , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
Trivago is not much common in Hong Kong .
Some people even probably do not know what it is .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
Almost all the advertisements are encouraging audience to download its mobile application .
If there are more people download its mobile application , it means more people to know its brand and use its service .
Current advertising strategy
We found one of the Television advertisements which is currently undertaking in Hong Kong .
There is a narrator introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for a worthiest hotel . "
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
Advertising by television is an effective way to communicate the service to the general public .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
Music helps stimulates sense and focus attention toward the advertisement .
It helps audience to better recall the advertisement and stored it in long - term memory .
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Demonstration
The television advertisement shows the service being using .
It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly to know what its service is .
Informative
The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates to over 150 websites .
For those who are high interested in hotel searching service , they may notice to such informative advertisement .
It clearly presented that its searching engine can help the customers to compare the price of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the most worthy hotel .
This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to enhance its popularity in there .
Conative Strategy
On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
The purpose is to increase the sale and enlarge its market share in Hong Kong .
Means - End Chain
The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
By using the Trivago 's services , customers can search the worthiest price of the hotel room to gain benefit .
Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasure journey with lower prices and the freedom of choosing their favorite accommodation .
The advertisement can show that they are wisdom by using Trivogo service to plan an economically trip .
Mean - End Chain is being used as Trivago is not only to help customer search for a hotel room , but also to achieve the personal value for customer which is worthier than money the customer saved in booking a hotel room .
Trivago use this way to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage since the value of its services is increased .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
Audience can easily remember the brand name and get a plain awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
People currently seldom listen to the radio .
Attention of the radio commercial is low .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
Even through people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal vocabulary .
Therefore , the product awareness driven by radio advertisement is not enough .
Lastly , hire spokesperson consequent high cost in promotion .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the focus of audience maybe shifts from the product to the spokesperson .
The promoting objective is difficult to be achieved .
Therefore , television commercial is likely the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
Not even a month before he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
He was fed up with all this profanity .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
Jacob remained there bursting in rage .
While he was standing on the pavement tears of resentment covered his face .
No one had ever responded to his demands .
He wondered how he would react next time .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
Have you ever watch a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
I know that for some , playing football is boring but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
I think I had watched almost all the football matches in history especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
90% of our conversation includes football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
Make sure to play smoothly for the first time and make sure to use a football shoe when you 're playing in the field .
This advice is to avoid you from injuring yourself as a beginner in football .
Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
Also , I love it because it takes my mind off worries .
It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
I really get a lot of pleasure in doing it .
Give it a try and you 'll see !
My hero and my foe
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
These people believe that ver the next few years we will see a severe decline in the amount of people using bus , trains , trams , etc . to get places .
In my opinion , this is dissapointing for a number of reasons .
First of all , public transport bring us closer to other people .
We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
By using public transport we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money in expensive carparks .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice Troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
There Alice will star an adventure where she must slay the Red evil Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , with them the film would n't be the same .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design , they really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of characters .
If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
Is science evil ?
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
Firstly , I should say that life nowadays is unthinkable without science .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
By using computers nowadays it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
There is no secret for the human beings today because they have explored every place on the Earth .
The present belief is that scientific approach will solve all the problems and do away with all difficulties .
With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
With its help we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
After all a successful career is best measured in how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
While we are studying we may not think seriously about job .
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? "
Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and thus of our identity .
Our ability to develop our identity is critical to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self fulfilling prophecy .
Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are estimated .
However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
After all , the factor with the most influence on decline of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience especially in a large city such as London .
Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt in your stilleto while you are making your way to a bus station .
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
Indeed , the method by which a person go from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
This is why , most of us , prefer to travel with our own car rather than by a public transport ; not only that it keeps us within our private sphere , it also keeps us dry travelling on a rainy day .
Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced in a public transport .
Dear Sir ,
So when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
Two years later we moved back , but I continued speaking in both Dutch and English to my parents .
I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
Thank you so much for your time , I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
Yours sincerely ,
Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look underdogs .
Without this stimulus they may have been inactive .
On the other hand almost equal number of people may maintain a contrasting point of view .
They give examples when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
I can illustrate my words by the example of military campaigns .
The desire of some country 's leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
We need to talk ' it said .
He 'll call later'she thought .
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
She wanted to surprise Michael with delicious pasta and some rose wine .
She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
Hey baby ! '
Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
" What are we going to do ?
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
I 'm pregnant and we need to solve this out .
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't know."said the familiar male voice . "
I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
Michael has been cheating on her .
Full of rage and disappointment she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
She could n't be more than twenty - two .
She looked at him again then turned around and left .
" I need to talk to her .
She heard heavy footprints on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Respected teachers and all my friends
Good morning to one and all present here .
I am very happy to see you all ones again .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycott bullying .
It can be classified into four types :
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
Now to boycott bullying form our school i request all of you to take an oath that , I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
I will have to compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
Thank you
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking to him .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
He raised his hand , whom was holding a metal bar , full of blood .
5 years later .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
She was not dead , but in coma , in a hospital .
He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years who came .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
I am twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
Also , I can play several music instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
However , I have no experience working with children , apart from helping my parents with brothers and sister .
I am very active and creative person with desire to work .
And of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
In my point of view , my candidacy is enough suitable for this job , because I am young person , that has all required skills and a lot of energy to work .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner at my college dorm 's dining room that had amazingly good cooks , They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
If all of used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less pollutant than other means of transport .
There is a problem , though .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific thinking .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
First of all , I consider very important to learn a second language and English is a very used one around the world .
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
Every house in the village has three containers :
- One for the paper ;
- One for the bio waste ; and ,
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - reciclable waste produced .
The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , very convenient .
The bus network completes the public transport service .
The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
Jack lived with his mommy , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before going on poverty .
One day before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out , he was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
He saw on his mommy 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America , that way he could fit in .
Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth , he could taste heaven in his mouth .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after , the end .
In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create the civilizations while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of the Brazilian culture .
When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about the African American Communication , but he is also describing the Brazilian communication at the same time .
Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of it .
First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly during a long time , without they have clear reasons .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culture , if during a conversation a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are talking .
In both the extremes of a speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of a good communication .
Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to execute with successful the unwritten rules of vocal patterns .
As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal territory is another unwritten rule that is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimate with the other person .
In Brazil also there is this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same of the U.S.
Although the Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are no tolerant with strangers invading it .
Soon , even though the distance between people are shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable , called personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend much time looking at others .
For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep a constant eye contact , and for these women this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns reflect in the communication values which can be decisive to keep a good communication .
Also , the personal territory are governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of the unwritten rules in the cultural values .
Respecting these rules is the first step to understand them and avoid some conflicts .
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied panting .
- Oh , okay , bye !
- Hey Alex !
Do you want to go out ?
-
- How about the cafe near our school ?
- To be perfectly honest I do n't really like it there !
what about the one next to the shopping center ?
See you there at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Michael grabbed his coat and creept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemestry test .
Nevertheless , a study of The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only the diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , once it was not found in their study a significant change on systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
Thus , the investment on research about the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improved quality of life .
It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase the oxidation and would reduce the lactate production .
Nevertheless , the nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing the blood pressure .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
Despite the present findings , it is necessary more research to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as quality of life .
Dear editor ,
Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than any other people because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in this way that students have no idea that they broaden their knowledge .
Of course , I make use of computer and projector during my teaching daily , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
After all , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
Networking educational contents are not safe at all .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , who come up with new and innovative ideas about educational process and so the tradition will be updated next years .
To be more precise , new educational methods promotes the students ' teamwork .
In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematic problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary good students can help the other classmates to improve themselves .
They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
My personal opinion is this is not sufficient to cover the education process .
I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
Also this is a healthy way of getting fit .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
I think English is in fact very important because first of all although not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and last but not least although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
I was actually about to email you about the activities that are to be planned .
Yours sincerely
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxed because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
Going by train for example , you need to get to the next train station and afterwards from the destination train station to your target .
Often enough you have to rely on other services such as busses or taxis to reach your destination .
On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials is a lot lower per head .
Moreover you can be lucky to avoid big traffic jams especially if you are taking the train .
Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may being affected by may result in a lower amount of time spent travelling .
It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will be ended soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
On the other hand , travelling by car is getting for popular than it ever was with development of science and technology .
Not only people in countries where it has poor public transportation but also the most developed countries , there is a high tendency of using cars instead of depending on public transportation .
Despite the fact that using cars being expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decrease power consumption , increase lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency theoretically .
Secret agents have often been chosen as the main character of stories and films , such as James Bond 's ones , which managed to be really successful .
There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret ; but in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
In the same way a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
Therefore bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill in lying .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .